Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) today announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement under which Amazon will acquire Whole Foods Market for $42 per share in an all-cash transaction valued at approximately $13.7 billion, including Whole Foods Market’s net debt.  “Millions of people love Whole Foods Market because they offer the best natural and organic foods, and they make it fun to eat healthy,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon founder and CEO. “Whole Foods Market has been satisfying, delighting and nourishing customers for nearly four decades – they’re doing an amazing job and we want that to continue.”  “This partnership presents an opportunity to maximize value for Whole Foods Market’s shareholders, while at the same time extending our mission and bringing the highest quality, experience, convenience and innovation to our customers,” said John Mackey, Whole Foods Market co-founder and CEO.  Whole Foods Market will continue to operate stores under the Whole Foods Market brand and source from trusted vendors and partners around the world. John Mackey will remain as CEO of Whole Foods Market and Whole Foods Market’s headquarters will stay in Austin, Texas.  Completion of the transaction is subject to approval by Whole Foods Market's shareholders, regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. The parties expect to close the transaction during the second half of 2017.
Whole Foods Market ranked #28 and Amazon ranked #2 on Fortune’s 2017 list of World’s Most Admired Companies SEATTLE & AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jun. 16, 2017-- Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) today announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement under which Amazon will acquire Whole Foods Market for per share in an all-cash transaction valued at approximately , including Whole Foods Market’s net debt. “Millions of people love Whole Foods Market because they offer the best natural and organic foods, and they make it fun to eat healthy,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon founder and CEO. “Whole Foods Market has been satisfying, delighting and nourishing customers for nearly four decades – they’re doing an amazing job and we want that to continue.” “This partnership presents an opportunity to maximize value for Whole Foods Market’s shareholders, while at the same time extending our mission and bringing the highest quality, experience, convenience and innovation to our customers,” said John Mackey, Whole Foods Market co-founder and CEO. Whole Foods Market will continue to operate stores under the Whole Foods Market brand and source from trusted vendors and partners around the world. John Mackey will remain as CEO of Whole Foods Market and Whole Foods Market’s headquarters will stay in Austin, Texas. Completion of the transaction is subject to approval by Whole Foods Market's shareholders, regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. The parties expect to close the transaction during the second half of 2017. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Founded in 1978 in Austin, Texas, Whole Foods Market is the leading natural and organic foods supermarket, the first national “Certified Organic” grocer, and uniquely positioned as America’s Healthiest Grocery Store™. In fiscal year 2016, the Company had sales of approximately and has more than 460 stores in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. Whole Foods Market employs approximately 87,000 team members and has been ranked for 20 consecutive years as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For” in America by Fortune magazine. For more information, please visit www.WholeFoodsMarket.com or @WholeFoods on Twitter. Amazon’s statements related to the proposed merger with Whole Foods Market contain forward-looking statements, including statements regarding expected benefits of the merger, the timing of the transaction, and financing of the transaction. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or forecast in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include the following: Whole Foods Market shareholders may not approve the transaction; the conditions to the completion of the transaction may not be satisfied, or the regulatory approvals required for the transaction may not be obtained on the terms expected, on the anticipated schedule, or at all; long-term financing may not be available on favorable terms, or at all; closing of the transaction may not occur or may be delayed, either as a result of litigation related to the transaction or otherwise; the parties may be unable to achieve the anticipated benefits of the transaction; revenues following the transaction may be lower than expected; operating costs, customer loss, and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, and suppliers) may be greater than expected; the Company may assume unexpected risks and liabilities; completing the merger may distract the Company’s management from other important matters; and the other factors discussed in “Risk Factors” in Amazon’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and in Amazon’s other filings with the SEC, which are available at http://www.sec.gov. Amazon assumes no obligation to update the information in the communication, except as otherwise required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof. Certain statements in this communication constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are often identified by words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “intend,” “estimate,” “expect,” “see,” “continue,” “could,” “can,” “may,” “will,” “likely,” “depend,” “should,” “would,” “plan,” “predict,” “target,” and similar expressions, and may include references to assumptions and relate to Whole Foods Market’s future prospects, developments and business strategies. Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this communication are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that may cause Whole Foods Market’s actual results to be materially different from such forward-looking statements and could materially adversely affect its business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. These risks and uncertainties include the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement; the failure to obtain the approval of Whole Foods Market’s shareholders or required regulatory clearances or the failure to satisfy any of the other closing conditions to the Merger; potential disruption of management’s attention from Whole Foods Market’s ongoing business operations due to the Merger; the effect of the announcement of the Merger on the ability of Whole Foods Market to retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with its customers, suppliers and others with whom it does business, or on its operating results and business generally; general business conditions; changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending; the impact of competition; and other factors which are often beyond the control of Whole Foods Market, as well other risks listed in Whole Foods Market’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2016 and risks and uncertainties not presently known to Whole Foods Market or that Whole Foods Market currently deems immaterial. Whole Foods Market wishes to caution you that you should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they were made. Whole Foods Market does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Important Additional Information and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed transaction, Whole Foods Market will file with the SEC and mail or otherwise provide to its shareholders a proxy statement regarding the proposed transaction. BEFORE MAKING ANY VOTING DECISION, WHOLE FOODS MARKET’S SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO CAREFULLY READ THE PROXY STATEMENT IN ITS ENTIRETY WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE AND ANY OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE THEREIN BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND THE PARTIES TO THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of the proxy statement and other documents that Whole Foods Market files with the SEC (when available) from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and Whole Foods Market’s website at http://investor.wholefoodsmarket.com/. In addition, the proxy statement and other documents filed by Whole Foods Market with the SEC (when available) may be obtained from Whole Foods Market free of charge by directing a request to Cindy McCann, Global Vice President, Investor Relations, Whole Foods Market, Inc., 550 Bowie Street, Austin, TX 78703, Phone: 512-542-0204. Media inquiries can be directed to Brooke Buchanan at Brooke.Buchanan@wholefoods.com, Phone: 512-542-0751. Certain Participants in the Solicitation Whole Foods Market, its directors and certain of its executive officers and employees may be deemed, under SEC rules, to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Whole Foods Market shareholders with respect to shareholder approval of the proposed acquisition of Whole Foods Market. Information regarding the names of Whole Foods Market’s directors and executive officers and their respective interests in Whole Foods Market by security holdings or otherwise is set forth in Whole Foods Market’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 25, 2016 filed with the SEC on November 18, 2016, Whole Foods Market’s definitive proxy statement for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders filed with the SEC on January 4, 2017 and Whole Foods Market’s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 10, 2017. To the extent holdings of such participants in Whole Foods Market’s securities are not reported, or have changed since the amounts described in the proxy statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, such changes have been reflected on Initial Statements of Beneficial Ownership on Form 3 or Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of such individuals in the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement relating to such acquisition when it is filed with the SEC. These documents may be obtained free of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and Whole Foods Market’s website at http://investor.wholefoodsmarket.com.
SEATTLE & AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 24, 2017-- (NASDAQ:AMZN)—Amazon and Whole Foods Market today announced that Amazon’s acquisition of Whole Foods Market will close on Monday August 28, 2017, and the two companies will together pursue the vision of making Whole Foods Market’s high-quality, natural and organic food affordable for everyone. As a down payment on that vision, Whole Foods Market will offer lower prices starting Monday on a selection of best-selling grocery staples across its stores, with more to come. In addition, Amazon and Whole Foods Market technology teams will begin to integrate Amazon Prime into the Whole Foods Market point-of-sale system, and when this work is complete, Prime members will receive special savings and in-store benefits. The two companies will invent in additional areas over time, including in merchandising and logistics, to enable lower prices for Whole Foods Market customers. “We’re determined to make healthy and organic food affordable for everyone. Everybody should be able to eat Whole Foods Market quality – we will lower prices without compromising Whole Foods Market’s long-held commitment to the highest standards,” said Jeff Wilke, CEO of Amazon Worldwide Consumer. “To get started, we’re going to lower prices beginning Monday on a selection of best-selling grocery staples, including Whole Trade organic bananas, responsibly-farmed salmon, organic large brown eggs, animal-welfare-rated 85% lean ground beef, and more. And this is just the beginning – we will make Amazon Prime the customer rewards program at Whole Foods Market and continuously lower prices as we invent together. There is significant work and opportunity ahead, and we’re thrilled to get started.” “It’s been our mission for 39 years at Whole Foods Market to bring the highest quality food to our customers,” said John Mackey, Whole Foods Market co-founder and CEO. “By working together with Amazon and integrating in several key areas, we can lower prices and double down on that mission and reach more people with Whole Foods Market’s high-quality, natural and organic food. As part of our commitment to quality, we’ll continue to expand our efforts to support and promote local products and suppliers. We can’t wait to start showing customers what’s possible when Whole Foods Market and Amazon innovate together.” Here’s what will be new in Whole Foods Market stores on Monday and what customers can expect over time as the two companies integrate: • Starting Monday, Whole Foods Market will offer lower prices on a selection of best-selling staples across its stores, with much more to come. Customers will enjoy lower prices on products like Whole Trade bananas, organic avocados, organic large brown eggs, organic responsibly-farmed salmon and tilapia, organic baby kale and baby lettuce, animal-welfare-rated 85% lean ground beef, creamy and crunchy almond butter, organic Gala and Fuji apples, organic rotisserie chicken, 365 Everyday Value organic butter, and much more. • In the future, after certain technical integration work is complete, Amazon Prime will become Whole Foods Market’s customer rewards program, providing Prime members with special savings and other in-store benefits. • Whole Foods Market’s healthy and high-quality private label products—including 365 Everyday Value, Whole Foods Market, Whole Paws and Whole Catch—will be available through Amazon.com, AmazonFresh, Prime Pantry and Prime Now. • Amazon Lockers will be available in select Whole Foods Market stores. Customers can have products shipped from Amazon.com to their local Whole Foods Market store for pick up or send returns back to Amazon during a trip to the store. This is just the beginning – Amazon and Whole Foods Market plan to offer more in-store benefits and lower prices for customers over time as the two companies integrate logistics and point-of-sale and merchandising systems. Whole Foods Market will continue to grow its team and create jobs in local communities as it opens new stores, hires new team members, and expands its support of local farmers and artisans. The company will maintain operations under the Whole Foods Market brand, preserve its high standards and commitment to providing the finest natural and organic foods, and continue to source from trusted vendors and partners around the world. John Mackey will remain as CEO and Whole Foods Market’s headquarters will stay in Austin, Texas. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Founded in 1978 in Austin, Texas, Whole Foods Market is the leading natural and organic foods supermarket, the first national “Certified Organic” grocer, and uniquely positioned as America’s Healthiest Grocery Store. In fiscal year 2016, the Company had sales of approximately and has more than 460 stores in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. Whole Foods Market employs approximately 87,000 team members and has been ranked for 20 consecutive years as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For” in America by Fortune magazine. For more information, please visit www.WholeFoodsMarket.com or @WholeFoods on Twitter. This communication contains forward-looking statements. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those projected or forecast in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include the following: factors that could affect the timing of the consummation of Amazon’s acquisition of Whole Foods Market; Amazon may be unable to achieve the anticipated benefits of the transaction; revenues following the transaction may be lower than expected; operating costs, customer loss, and business disruption (including, without limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, customers, and suppliers) may be greater than expected; Amazon may assume unexpected risks and liabilities; initiatives with Whole Foods Market may distract Amazon’s management from other operations; and the other factors discussed in “Risk Factors” in Amazon’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and in Amazon’s other filings with the SEC, which are available at http://www.sec.gov. Amazon assumes no obligation to update the information in this communication, except as otherwise required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof.
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jun. 9, 2016-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced plans for a new technology development center in downtown Minneapolis that will create 100 full-time, technology-focused jobs. To celebrate Amazon’s expansion in the Minneapolis community, Amazon is donating plus mentoring support to local nonprofit Code Savvy to help the group’s mission of encouraging youth’s understanding of coding and promoting diversity in the technology industry. Amazon currently has hundreds of employees in Minnesota and is in the process of hiring an additional 1,000 full-time employees for its new Shakopee, Minnesota, fulfillment center. “Amazon is always looking for the best and brightest software engineers to join our team,” said Dave Glick, vice president of operations technology for Amazon. “The commitment to education, growth of the local high-tech industry, and caliber of technical talent in Minneapolis make it an ideal place for our expansion. We’re excited to create new technology jobs in Minneapolis and look forward to growing our operations technology team to help us develop cutting-edge software applications that fuel Amazon’s rapidly growing operations, fulfillment and delivery capabilities.” “On behalf of the City of Minneapolis, it is my pleasure to extend a warm welcome to Amazon,” said Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges. “Minneapolis is growing rapidly, and our expanding workforce is ready for the new full-time, high-technology jobs Amazon will bring. Welcome to our community.” The Minneapolis office will include multiple roles like software development engineers and managers who will be tasked with developing and innovating technology solutions that enhance Amazon’s operations. Amazon employees receive comprehensive benefits, including healthcare, 401(k) and company stock awards, starting on day one, as well as generous maternity and parental leave benefits. “I’m excited that Amazon is bringing 100 new, high-tech jobs to Minneapolis,” remarked Representative Raymond Dehn (DFL-Minneapolis). “Not only will they be creating good paying jobs in an area of need, they’ve chosen to donate to Code Savvy, a non-profit that teaches inner-city kids to code so they may have a better future. Minneapolis has been a leader in technology and I’m pleased to welcome Amazon to our community.” As part of the company’s expansion in Minneapolis and its commitment to the local community, Amazon will be donating to Code Savvy to fund the nonprofit’s Technovation[MN] program. The program focuses on technology entrepreneurship led by girls that helps participants build problem-solving apps and create business plans. Amazon employees at the new office will also be offering mentoring support to Code Savvy. “Code Savvy is so thrilled that Amazon is expanding their technology team to the Minneapolis area and has honored us with a donation to our all-girl entrepreneurship and app development program, Technovation[MN]. Welcome to the Code Savvy community!” said Jean Weiss, executive director of Code Savvy. “In addition to this much needed funding, we are looking forward to the Amazon team participating as mentors in the program and hosting teams on field trips at their sites. Our thriving tech community will be a great place for Amazon’s expanded venture and we look forward to working closely with them on this and other Code Savvy programs going forward.” To learn more about job opportunities with Amazon in Minnesota, visit www.amazon.jobs/minneapolis-mn. Amazon.com opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995. The company is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about.
Any European Software Developer or Business Now Has Easy Access to Highly Scalable, Reliable, Fast and Inexpensive Data Storage in the Cloud SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 6, 2007--Amazon Web Services today launched European storage for its popular Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), allowing software developers and businesses to store their data in Europe. Amazon S3 is a storage service in the cloud offering software developers and businesses low-cost access to the same scalable and reliable storage infrastructure Amazon uses to run its own global network of web sites. Since its launch in March 2006, Amazon S3 has grown rapidly and now holds over 10 billion objects. Developers and businesses can build on Amazon S3 today at http://aws.amazon.com/s3. "Since the U.S. launch of Amazon S3, developers in Europe have asked us to add the ability to store data in Europe. They wanted the same high quality, low cost service, but with lower latency and local data storage. We've been working hard to make this a reality and are excited to offer Amazon S3 from European datacenters," said Adam Selipsky, Vice President of Product Management and Developer Relations for Amazon Web Services. "We are actively working on other important requirements, such as accepting payment in Euros and providing local language support, but are pleased to offer a release that we think many European businesses and developers will find useful right now." Amazon S3 is storage for the Internet. It's designed to make web-scale computing easier for developers. Amazon S3 provides a simple web services interface that can be used to store and retrieve any amount of data, at any time, from anywhere on the web. The service gives any developer access to Amazon's data storage infrastructure and aims to maximize benefits of scale and to pass those benefits on to developers. "We are very excited about the development of a European storage solution for Amazon S3," said Martin Gill, Head of New Media for Comic Relief, an organization committed to raising poverty awareness. "Following a very successful 'test drive' of the US-hosted Amazon S3 service during our work supporting 'Idol Gives Back' last April, we saw this service being a core resource for the development of Comic Relief's digital vision for our UK fundraising activities. The US service stood up under substantial load and showed us just how affordable, easy to use, and scalable the service is. Without it we would have missed some great opportunities. Enormous scalability, combined with the legal benefits of holding data and assets within the EU, makes the European storage of Amazon S3 a brilliant early Christmas present for us!" "Amazon S3 is allowing us to store massive amounts of digital media in a trusted place and have a pay-as-you-go scheme at the same time," said Klaas Waslander, Chief Technical Officer for Albumprinter, a leading provider of personalized photo product solutions for retailers, internet companies and other photo channels in Europe and the US. "When we thought about the fact that this is the same service that Amazon uses in its own retail operations it made us confident to use it in our own. With the availability of Amazon S3 from datacenters in Europe we are now able to use storage behind-the-scenes for all of our European customers, which is fantastic news for us." Amazon S3 lets developers pay only for what they consume and charges no up-front or minimum fee. The following are US$ prices for Amazon S3 in Europe: Amazon Web Services (AWS) provides technology services that give businesses access to Amazon's own-back technology infrastructure that they can use to enable virtually any type of business. These in-the-cloud web services make it possible for any business to reach the scale of major internet players such as Amazon.com, but without the expensive price tag these companies must pay to build and maintain such reliable, secure, and scalable infrastructure. Businesses can use AWS to achieve this level of web scale with zero up-front investment and low, pay-as-you-go pricing. More than 290,000 developers have signed up to use AWS since its inception. Amazon Web Services LLC is an Amazon.com company. More information is available at http://aws.amazon.com. Amazon.com, Inc., (Nasdaq: AMZN), a Fortune 500 company based in Seattle, opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995 and today offers Earth's Biggest Selection. Amazon.com seeks to be Earth's most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavors to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.com and other sellers offer millions of unique new, refurbished and used items in categories such as health and personal care, jewelry and watches, gourmet food, sports and outdoors, apparel and accessories, books, music, DVDs, electronics and office, toys and baby, and home and garden. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, and the Joyo Amazon websites at www.joyo.cn and www.amazon.cn. As used herein, "Amazon.com," "we," "our" and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, significant amount of indebtedness, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, and all subsequent filings.
Select startups and entrepreneurs that Sharks have invested in are now featured in the Amazon Launchpad Shark Tank Collection Products in the Amazon Launchpad Shark Tank Collection include Hatch Baby, Third Wave Water and Stasher, among others SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 15, 2018-- (NASDAQ: AMZN) – Amazon today announced that it is an official retail partner for “Shark Tank.” The new Amazon Launchpad Shark Tank Collection, available at www.amazon.com/launchpad/sharktank, highlights products seen on “Shark Tank,” including the Hatch Baby, Third Wave Water and Stasher, among others. This collaboration, which coincides with the premiere of “Shark Tank” season 10, provides an opportunity for successfully-funded Shark Tank startups and entrepreneurs to launch and showcase their products on Amazon.com. “Shark Tank” season 10 airs on Sundays at 9|8c on ABC. “We are thrilled to be working with the popular ‘Shark Tank’ franchise, highlighting products from startups, entrepreneurs and small businesses,” said Jim Adkins, Vice President, Amazon. “The Amazon Launchpad program is all about empowering creators and inventors, enabling them to reach hundreds of millions of customers. By teaming up with ‘Shark Tank,’ we are making it fun and easy for fans of the show to discover a wide variety of unique innovations and cutting-edge products.” More than 70 products that successfully received funding from Sharks during seasons 1-9 are now available for purchase on Amazon.com, with products from season 10 and beyond to be featured in the Amazon Launchpad Shark Tank Collection in the future. All startups and entrepreneurs that Sharks have invested in will be considered for the Amazon Launchpad program. In addition, Amazon Web Services (AWS) is offering a credit for cloud computing services to each eligible “Shark Tank” entrepreneur. “For the first time ever, ‘Shark Tank’ has a store on Amazon.com dedicated to helping our entrepreneurs scale their businesses and highlight top products from the show,” said Barbara Corcoran, Shark. “We are excited for the Amazon Launchpad Shark Tank Collection to bring products from our entrepreneurs to retail for customers and fans of the series.” “Our first big break as a company came with ‘Shark Tank.’ It got us the attention we needed to attract a wide audience,” said Ann Weiss, CEO of Hatch Baby. “Working with Amazon Launchpad feels like our second big break. We’re lucky to work with a team that understands the unique challenges facing entrepreneurs and who specifically supports and provides us with what we need to grow our business.” “Shark Tank,” which is based on the Japanese “Dragons’ Den” format created by Nippon Television Network Corporation, is produced by MGM Television in association with Sony Pictures Television. Amazon Launchpad is a program that helps startups launch, market and distribute their products to hundreds of millions of Amazon customers around the globe. Founded in 2015 in the United States, the program has since expanded to nine countries and last year alone helped startups achieve more than in sales, with over 41 million products sold. Amazon Launchpad offers a streamlined onboarding experience, custom product pages, a comprehensive marketing package and access to Amazon’s global fulfillment network, all geared toward helping startups successfully launch their innovations and share their stories. To learn more about the Amazon Launchpad program, visit www.amazon.com/launchpad. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. “Shark Tank” is a critically acclaimed and multi-Emmy Award-winning reality show that has reinvigorated entrepreneurship in America. The Sharks – tough, self-made, multi-millionaire and billionaire tycoons – have searched nine seasons to invest in the best businesses and products that America has to offer. The Sharks are billionaire Mark Cuban, owner and chairman of AXS TV and outspoken owner of the 2011 NBA champion Dallas Mavericks; real estate mogul Barbara Corcoran; "Queen of QVC" Lori Greiner; technology innovator Robert Herjavec; fashion and branding expert Daymond John; and venture capitalist Kevin O'Leary. Sony Pictures Television (SPT) is one of the television industry’s leading content providers, producing and distributing programming worldwide in every genre and for every platform. In addition to managing one of the industry’s largest libraries of award-winning feature films, television shows and formats, SPT is home to a thriving global production business operating 22 wholly-owned or joint venture production companies in 12 countries around the world. Sony Pictures Television is a Sony Pictures Entertainment Company.
Amazon expands the long term partnership with ATSG – leases 10 additional 767-300 dedicated Amazon cargo aircraft, increasing the fleet to 50 aircraft The Amazon Air operation launched two years ago and in that time, 40 aircraft have joined the fleet operating out of 21 air gateways, and more are on the way SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 21, 2018-- (NASDAQ:AMZN) – Amazon continues to invest in ways to provide fast, free delivery for customers. Today, the company announced an expansion of its partnership with Air Transport Services Group, Inc. (ATSG) by leasing an additional 10 aircraft to support Amazon’s growth. Amazon previously leased 40 Boeing 767 freighter aircraft in 2016, 20 of those with ATSG, all of which are now flying serving customers in the Amazon Air network. The 10 additional cargo planes will consist of Boeing 767-300 aircraft, will be operated on Amazon’s behalf by an ATSG airline, and will join the air cargo operation over the next two years. Amazon Air’s operation launched in 2016 supporting package delivery to the rapidly growing number of customers who love fast delivery, great prices and vast selection. With advanced algorithms and software used for capacity and route planning, the Amazon Air operation can transport hundreds of thousands of packages per day. In addition, with Amazon’s dedicated air network, Amazon is able to deliver packages to its customers faster – 40 aircraft are flying in and out of gateway operations at over 20 airports, making two-day shipping possible almost anywhere in the U.S. “Our customers love massive selection and fast delivery, and the Amazon Air capacity we are building enables Prime delivery speeds for customers from Seattle, Washington to Miami, Florida,” said Dave Clark, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Operations at Amazon. “By expanding the Amazon Air network through our partnership with ATSG we’re able to ensure we have the capacity to quickly and efficiently deliver packages to customers for years to come.” “We’re pleased to expand and extend our partnership in support of Amazon’s exceptional ability to provide reliable and fast delivery to its customers,” said Joe Hete, President and CEO of ATSG. “As the world’s leading source of customer-dedicated 767 cargo aircraft, we have the access to aircraft and are uniquely qualified to support Amazon for many years to come.” Amazon will open a new Regional Air Hub next year at Fort Worth Alliance Airport, and the Air Hub at the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport will open in 2021. Recently, Amazon also announced a gateway operation to launch in Wilmington, Ohio, in 2019 as well as an expanded operation in Rockford, Illinois. Since its launch, Amazon’s air cargo operation has invested millions of dollars and created thousands of new jobs at locations across the U.S. Amazon has launched several initiatives to ensure fast delivery speeds and supply chain capacity for its customers, including its Delivery Service Partner program, Amazon Flex, the company’s mobile application that allows individuals to sign-up, be vetted and begin delivering for Amazon, a dedicated network of over 10,000 trailers to increase trucking capacity and, now, the expanded fleet of air cargo planes. These efforts join Amazon’s robust worldwide network of more than 185 fulfillment centers where the company uses high-end algorithms, robotics, machine learning and other technological innovations to increase delivery speeds for customers. Amazon is now bringing the same technological expertise to efforts in the transportation space to increase shipping capacity for customers. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
More new paid members joined Prime worldwide than any previous year Prime members around the world used Prime digital benefits this year more than ever before Best of Prime 2017 in the U.S. includes Fire TV Stick and Echo Dot, Prime Video: The Grand Tour, Prime Music: “Believer” by Imagine Dragons and Prime Reading: The Handmaid’s Tale December 30 was Prime’s largest day for streaming around the world, with Prime Originals — The Grand Tour 2 and The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel — its top two shows Prime members now enjoy unlimited Free Two-Day Shipping on more than 100 million items in the U.S. SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 2, 2018-- (NASDAQ: AMZN) — Amazon today announced its Best of Prime 2017 – revealing some of the Prime member favorites of the year. Built on a foundation of fast, free delivery, more than five billion items worldwide shipped with Prime in 2017, including free same-day, one-day, and two-day shipping. Prime is designed to make members’ lives easier and more fun with a unique combination of shipping, shopping and entertainment. Prime members used their digital benefits in 2017 more than in any previous year - putting The Grand Tour on Prime Video, “Believer” by Imagine Dragons on Prime Music and The Handmaid’s Tale on Prime Reading on the U.S. ‘best of’ list for 2017. Find Amazon’s Best of Prime 2017 on Prime Insider. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180102005390/en/ “From Fire TV Stick and Echo Dot to Imagine Dragons, Manchester by the Sea and even the Instant Pot, Prime members certainly have great taste! Tens of millions of members around the world enjoy the many benefits included with Prime, and in fact, more new paid members joined Prime worldwide this year than any previous year. In 2017, more than five billion items worldwide shipped with Prime and members used digital benefits like Prime Video, Prime Music and Prime Reading more than ever before,” said Greg Greeley, Vice President, Amazon Prime. “Our Best of Prime feature not only demonstrates what was trending this year, it also gives us insight into what members love, providing additional inspiration as we continue to innovate, invest and make Prime even better in 2018.” Prime is even better with Amazon devices and Amazon devices are even better with Prime Fire TV Stick and Echo Dot top the Best of Prime 2017 as the best-selling products purchased by U.S. Prime members from any manufacturer in any category across all of Amazon. Prime members in the U.S. embraced smart home shopping in 2017, with Prime members adding millions of new Amazon devices to their homes, including Fire TV Stick with Alexa Voice Remote, Echo Dot and Amazon Echo. These devices allow Prime members to get even more from their membership by accessing music, video, photos, voice shopping and more. Best of Prime Video, Prime Music, Prime Reading and Twitch Prime In the U.S., Prime offers members unlimited access to award-winning movies and TV episodes with Prime Video; unlimited access to Prime Music, Audible Channels for Prime, Prime Reading, Prime Photos and Twitch Prime; early access to select Lightning Deals, one free pre-released book a month with Amazon First Reads, and more. Amazon Originals Were in Demand on Prime Video • Amazon Prime Video had a record year as a global streaming service. Customers in over 240 countries and territories around the world made The Grand Tour Season 1 and Sneaky Pete the most streamed Prime Originals. • December 30, 2017 was the biggest streaming day of the year around the world, and the top streamed series on Prime Video that day were The Grand Tour Season 2 and Golden Globe-nominated The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. • Manchester by the Sea was the most watched Amazon Original Movie in the U.S. • Live coverage of 10 NFLThursday Night Football games on Prime Video this season reached more than 17 million combined viewers in over 200 countries and territories. • Based on trailer views, among the most anticipated Prime Originals in the U.S. were Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryan and Man in the High Castle Season 3. • “Believer” by Imagine Dragons and “Something Just Like This” by The Chainsmokers & Coldplay were top played songs on Prime Music in the U.S. • Some of the most played artists in 2017 in the U.S. included Luke Combs, Imagine Dragons, Shawn Mendes, Kesha, Brett Young and Halsey. • Prime members in the U.S. loved listening to curated playlists by Amazon Music experts, including; “Top Prime Songs,” “Uptempo Pop for Work” and “Relaxing Acoustic Pop.” • Dystopian novels held the top spots on Prime Reading’s 2017 ‘most borrowed’ list in the U.S., including Margaret Atwood’s The Handmaid’s Tale and George Orwell’s 1984. • When it came to magazines, food publications Clean Eating and Bon Appétit Magazine held the top ‘most read’ spots in the U.S. on Prime Reading. • The most popular Prime-eligible audiobook on Audible in the U.S. was No Excuses! by Brian Tracy and the most popular Audible Original Series for Prime in the U.S. was Bedtime Stories for Cynics. • Twitch Prime members worldwide ordered more than five million pre-release games with a Prime discount. • Twitch Prime offered more than in free gaming content in 2017 including 23 full games for free, 113 pieces of loot across 19 of the most popular games of the year like. This included rare or exclusive content in Overwatch, Player Unknown’s Battlegrounds, and Warframe, which were three of the most popular bundles of loot among Twitch Prime Members in 2017. Instant Pot was Hot A Prime Day favorite in the U.S., the Instant Pot heated things up in 2017. Instant Pot was the most gifted item on Amazon Wedding Registry and the most Wish Listed item of the year by members and the Instant Pot Cookbook was the most gifted book by members as well in the U.S. in 2017. In fact, the Instant Pot found itself a spot in homes from coast to coast as it was delivered to 27,000 U.S. zip codes. Unlimited Fast, Free Prime Shipping In 2017, more than five billion items were shipped with Prime worldwide. Members in the U.S. can now enjoy unlimited Free Two-Day Shipping on more than 100 million items – expanded from more than 50 million items. This is in addition to Prime FREE One-Day Shipping and Prime FREE Same-Day Delivery in more than 8,000 U.S. cities and towns, and two-hour delivery with Prime Now in more than 30 major cities. Continued Prime Investments in Speed and Selection With over 100 million items now eligible for free Prime shipping, Amazon continued to expand its fulfillment capacity for Prime members and the millions of small and medium-sized businesses that are able to offer free Prime shipping through Fulfillment by Amazon. In 2017, the Amazon fulfillment and shipping network increased by more than 30% in square footage worldwide. In the U.S. alone, more than 6,000 trailers and 32 Amazon Air planes were in place to serve Prime members during the year. Every Day Made Better with Prime – Now in 16 Countries Prime was designed to make your life better every single day. Tens of millions of members around the world in 16 countries enjoy the many benefits of Prime. In the U.S. that includes unlimited access to award-winning movies and TV episodes with Prime Video; unlimited access to Prime Music, Audible Channels for Prime, Prime Reading, Prime Photos, Twitch Prime; early access to select Lightning Deals, one free pre-released book a month with Amazon First Reads, and more. Prime was built on the foundation of unlimited fast, free shipping and members receive unlimited Free Two-Day Shipping on more than 100 million items, Prime FREE One-Day Shipping and Prime FREE Same-Day Delivery in more than 8,000 cities and towns, and two-hour delivery with Prime Now in more than 30 major cities. New countries that joined Prime in 2017 include Mexico, the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Singapore. Prime is also available in the U.S., U.K., Spain, Japan, Italy, India, Germany, France, China, Canada, Belgium and Austria. Start a free trial of Amazon Prime at amazon.com/prime. About Amazon Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Fully managed MongoDB compatible database service designed from the ground up to be fast, scalable, and highly available Capital One, Dow Jones, and The Washington Post among initial customers using Amazon DocumentDB SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 9, 2019-- Today, Amazon Web Services (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compatibility), a fast, scalable, highly available, and fully managed document database service that supports MongoDB workloads. Developers can use the same MongoDB application code, drivers, and tools as they do today to run, manage, and scale workloads on Amazon DocumentDB and enjoy improved performance, scalability, and availability without having to worry about managing the underlying infrastructure. Customers can easily migrate their on-premises or Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) MongoDB databases to Amazon DocumentDB with virtually no downtime using the AWS Database Migration Service (DMS). There are no up-front investments required to use Amazon DocumentDB, and customers only pay for the capacity they use. To get started with Amazon DocumentDB, visit https://aws.amazon.com/documentdb. AWS customers use MongoDB as a document database to store, retrieve, and manage semi-structured data. Customers like using the MongoDB Application Programming Interface (API) and expressive language query to help them quickly build and evolve applications, but they often only take advantage of a fraction of the functionality the API offers. Customers also find it challenging to build performant, highly available applications on MongoDB that can quickly scale to multiple Terabytes (TBs) and hundreds of thousands of reads and writes-per-second because of the complexity that comes with setting up and managing MongoDB clusters. As a result, customers spend a lot of time and expense managing MongoDB clusters at scale, including dealing with the undifferentiated heavy lifting of securing, patching, and operating MongoDB. Just like on-premises deployments, managed MongoDB systems face data replication challenges and they suffer from long recovery times in the event of failure. As a result, customers are struggling to get the performance, scalability, and availability their growing applications need over time. Amazon DocumentDB is designed from the ground up to give customers the performance, scalability, and availability they need when operating mission-critical MongoDB workloads at scale. Amazon DocumentDB implements the Apache 2.0 open source MongoDB 3.6 API by emulating the responses that a MongoDB client expects from a MongoDB server, allowing customers to use their existing MongoDB drivers and tools with Amazon DocumentDB. Amazon DocumentDB uses a unique, distributed, fault-tolerant, self-healing storage system that automatically scales up to 64 TB of data per cluster, so customers can save time and money by not having to worry about capacity planning or over provisioning storage infrastructure. Amazon DocumentDB reduces database I/O by writing only database changes to the storage layer, avoiding slow, inefficient, and expensive data replication across network links. Together with optimizations like advanced query processing, connection pooling, and optimized recovery and rebuild, Amazon DocumentDB achieves twice the throughput of currently available MongoDB solutions. Additionally, with Amazon DocumentDB’s architecture, the storage and compute are decoupled, allowing each to scale independently, and developers can increase the read capacity to millions of requests per second by adding up to 15 low latency read replicas in minutes, regardless of data size. Amazon DocumentDB is designed for 99.99% availability by using the AWS multi-Availability Zone (AZ) technology and replicating six copies of a customer’s data across three AWS Availability Zones (AZs). Amazon DocumentDB’s architecture also allows customers to save money when running MongoDB databases as customers can get started with one instance for durability and only requires a second instance for high availability. “While other companies have taken the same emulation approach we have to providing a MongoDB compatible service, nobody has built the unique, distributed, fault-tolerant, highly scalable, self-healing storage system that AWS has to work seamlessly with MongoDB,” said Shawn Bice, Vice President, Non-Relational Databases at AWS. “To meet developers’ needs, we looked at multiple different approaches to supporting MongoDB workloads and concluded that the best way to improve the customer experience was to build a new purpose-built document database from the ground up, while supporting the same MongoDB APIs that our customers currently use and like. This effort took more than two years of development, and we’re excited to make this available to our customers today.” Amazon DocumentDB automatically and continuously backs up data to Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) and provides up to 35 days of point-in-time recovery with no downtime or performance degradation. Amazon DocumentDB supports network isolation using Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), encryption-at-rest using keys customers create and control through AWS Key Management Service (KMS), and encryption-in-transit using Transport Layer Security (TLS). To get started, customers can provision their Amazon DocumentDB clusters with a few simple clicks in the AWS Management Console or with the AWS Command Line Interface and launch their MongoDB-compatible database in minutes. Amazon DocumentDB is available in US East (N. Virginia), US East (Ohio), US West (Oregon), and EU (Ireland), and will expand to additional AWS Regions in the coming year. Capital One, a leading information-based technology company and digital banking leader, has taken a cloud-first approach to software development. “Our developers love the document model as it enables them to move fast and iterate quickly when building applications,” said Sunjay Pandey, Vice President, Capital One. “Amazon DocumentDB integrates deeply with AWS services and provides us with a robust, highly scalable, and cost effective database service that meets our operational requirements. With Amazon DocumentDB, our developers will be able to move faster and focus more on innovating on behalf of our customers versus managing a database.” Dow Jones publishes some of the world's most trusted, breaking, and exclusive business news and financial information in a variety of media, including the Dow Jones Industrial Average and related statistics and the Dow Jones Newswire. “Dow Jones uses a number of specialized databases including MongoDB to provide a variety of services for our customers,” said Ramin Beheshti, Chief Product & Technology Officer. “We are excited about collaborating with AWS around Amazon DocumentDB, which meets key needs we expressed to AWS in order to simplify our operations and free up our developers to invest in innovative experiences for our customers rather than undifferentiated operations." The Washington Post is one of the leading national and global news organizations reaching more than 90 million readers a month. “To provide our readers with the best possible experience, The Washington Post engineering team leverages AWS database services because they offer self-service provisioning without compromising operational excellence,” said Patrick Cullen, Director of Data Science and Artificial Intelligence at The Washington Post. “From automated backup to multi-AZ failover, Amazon DocumentDB provides all the key APIs and features we need to build the world class systems that power both our Arc Publishing business and our machine learning platform. Document databases support the unstructured data that is prevalent in media, and with Amazon DocumentDB, we can now leverage AWS for all our critical database needs.” Hudl provides coaches, athletes, and analysts the tools to study and improve performance through video and stats. “At Hudl, we utilize a significant amount of AWS services, as we're always looking for opportunities to get out of the business of managing our own infrastructure,” said Brian Kaiser, CTO at Hudl. “Our developers love the MongoDB API and document model. We're very excited about the launch of Amazon DocumentDB, as it fits perfectly into our short-term and long-term architectural plans. Amazon DocumentDB has the capabilities we're looking for, and it's great to see Amazon DMS support from day one.” For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 60 Availability Zones (AZs) within 20 geographic regions around the world, spanning the US, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Within 48 hours of the minimum wage announcement, more than 70,000 applications were completed for Amazon’s numerous customer fulfillment roles Amazon offers full-time, part-time, and seasonal roles across hundreds of locations, including a variety of shift patterns and flexible schedules SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 17, 2018-- NASDAQ: AMZN — As Amazon heads into the holiday shopping season, the company is currently filling more than 100,000 seasonal jobs across its network of customer fulfillment and delivery facilities this year complete with new employment perks. Newly hired applicants will benefit from the new Amazon minimum hourly wage, weekly paychecks for seasonal roles, flexible shift opportunities to fit within busy schedules, the option of receiving job information via text messaging, and a new application process that helps fit job seekers to the right building and the right role. “For those who are looking for short-term roles to help pay for gifts or supplement other income, this is a great opportunity to try a role with Amazon for the first time. We also have team members who return to work at Amazon during the holidays year after year,” said Dave Clark, SVP for Amazon Operations. “Since the minimum wage announcement, we are seeing a great response from job applicants and are encouraged in our early efforts to lead in pay for hourly employees.” In response to the minimum wage announcement issued on October 2nd; • More than 70,000 applications were received in the first 48 hours post announcement • More applications were received in the week after the announcement than in the entire month of August • Traffic to AmazonDelivers.Jobs was up 180% • Tens of thousands of interested job applicants have already picked their preferred shift and attended hiring events across the US Amazon hiring teams across the country are continuing to hold job fairs, especially in California, Illinois, Washington, Kentucky, New Jersey, and Florida, where the hiring need is greatest for fulfillment centers, sortation centers, and delivery stations. For more information on Amazon’s job creation impact, visit here. Seasonal team members help fulfill customer orders, sort packages, load trucks, and the hundreds of other tasks needed to make the holidays happen for customers. Employees will be part of a fun and peculiar culture that keep people coming back year after year, particularly family and friends of current employees who are the company’s biggest source of seasonal candidates. Throughout the year, on average 90 percent of fulfillment center associates are regular, full-time employees. On top of Amazon’s minimum wage, the company also offers full-time employees industry-leading benefits which include comprehensive healthcare on Day 1, up to 20 weeks paid maternity and parental leave, and Amazon’s innovative Career Choice program, which pre-pays 95% of tuition for courses in high-demand fields. Continues Clark, “Every year we start again with hundreds of new leadership promotions, new facilities launching in new communities, teams are built and trained, massive selection is stocked … all in preparation for our busiest time of the year.” Candidates interested in seasonal positions can learn more and apply online at www.AmazonDelivers.Jobs. Amazon encourages anyone to come see for themselves what it’s like to work at an Amazon fulfillment center by taking a tour; go to http://amazonfctours.com for more information. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon celebrates back-to-school by giving customers an easy way to donate a backpack full of school supplies to a student in need with Alexa As a part of Amazon’s Happy School Year back-to-school initiative, Amazon is sponsoring and hosting school supply donation events throughout the summer with Shaquille O’Neal and Ciara More than 5,000 students in need will receive AmazonBasics backpacks and school supplies at Shaq-to-School events SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 5, 2019-- (NASDAQ: AMZN) – Today, Amazon announced an easy way for customers to donate a backpack full of school supplies via Alexa to a student in need. Customers simply say, “Alexa, Donate to Happy School Year,” and they will be presented with a backpack offer from Amazon. After the customer confirms the order for donation, Amazon will fill the backpack with basic school supplies and ship it directly to Communities In Schools, the nation’s largest provider of in-school resources and support to students in need. Customers will be delighted by a thank you message from Shaq himself, a member of the Communities in Schools National Board. The curated list of basic school supplies include pencils, pens, a ruler and a notebook and are included within the backpack at no additional cost to the customer. For more information, please visit www.amazon.com/happyschoolyeardonate. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190805005211/en/ “Alexa creates convenient time savers for busy customers and their families whether they are building a back-to-school shopping list, asking questions about products, purchasing items for their family or making donations to the community," said Chuck Moore, VP Alexa. “Alexa makes it easy for customers to brighten the start of the school year for children who need it most. Donating is simple - just say ‘Alexa, Donate to Happy School Year.’ We can’t wait to see the generosity of our customers this back-to-school season.” To give more children the Happy School Year they deserve, Amazon is teaming up with Shaquille O’Neal and Zappos for Good to host back-to-school donation events throughout the summer. Shaq-to-School events will provide school supplies to 5,000 students in need, thanks to donations from Yoobi, Pentel, Hasbro, 3M, JVC, Panasonic and AmazonBasics. “Education is an important foundation for success,” said O’Neal. “With the Shaq-to-School program, we provide classroom essentials to kids who need them most, allowing them to concentrate on their studies. Thanks to Amazon and Zappos, we’ll reach even more kids with our donations this year.” Additionally, Amazon will team up with Ciara to host a Happy School Year block party later this summer, where guests can donate school supplies at an Alexa Donation Station. The event will celebrate the start of a new school year, encouraging students to set intentions for a Happy School Year and participate in activities like a healthy meal planning demonstration, backpack embroidery and sneaker customization. Amazon’s Happy School Year Store isa one stop shop for parents, students and teachers, with everything they need to go back-to-school prepared and in style. If you are planning to shop the store, be sure to check out AmazonSmile. AmazonSmile is a simple way for customers to support their favorite charity every time they shop with Amazon, at no extra cost. Customers who shop at smile.amazon.com will find the same Amazon they know and love, with the added bonus that AmazonSmile will donate a portion of the purchase price of eligible items to the charity they choose. Customers can select from over a million charities, including more than 150,000 eligible education-related charities like schools and PTA’s. To shop the store and learn more about opportunities to donate, customers can visit smile.amazon.com/happyschoolyear. More ways to give back to students in need this back-to-school season: - Alexa Donations: Customers who wish to make a monetary donation to the charity of their choice can do so. Simply say, “Alexa, I want to make a donation” to get started. - Charity Lists: Customers can shop Charity Lists and easily donate items of need to charities. Charity Lists give non-profits an easy way to create lists while providing a convenient way for customers to donate needed items directly to the charity of their choice with the reassurance that the list is managed by the charity. Customers can shop thousands of Charity Lists by visiting smile.amazon.com/charitylists. - Zappos for Good Collection, Shaq edition: Limited edition hoodie by Psycho Bunny in support of the Communities in Schools program available at Zappos.com. Also, to support educators for the school year, Amazon Business provided a monetary donation to the Fresno Unified School District for their new robotics program and, in collaboration with the company’s local fulfillment center employees, is revamping STEM classrooms at four elementary schools in Virginia’s Petersburg School District with a fresh look and all new supplies to better enable learning. All educators can take advantage of savings on hundreds of millions of items by visiting amazon.com/educatorshappyschoolyear. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Established in 1999, Zappos.com is a leading customer service company and innovator in online retail, company culture, and organizational evolution. Specializing in shoes, clothing, and more, Zappos WOWs customers through its legendary 365-day return policy, fast/free shipping, and 24/7 friendly service. To learn more about how Zappos shares its unique culture with the world and fosters community efforts, visit ZapposInsights.com and ZapposForGood.org. Zappos.com LLC is a subsidiary of Amazon.com, Inc. Shaquille O'Neal is a four-time NBA Champion and three-time NBA Finals MVP. The retired, 15-time NBA All-Star was named as both one of the highest ranked athletes in the NBA and most influential in sports. With a PhD in Leadership and Education, this iconic marketing and social media marvel is ranked among the "100 Most Creative People in Business" by Fast Company Magazine. As a celebrity, athlete, business professional and comedian, O'Neal has an enormous and devoted fan base across a variety of demographics. Visit Shaq.com; follow @Shaq on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Communities In Schools (CIS) is the nation’s largest organization dedicated to empowering at-risk students to stay in school and on a path to a brighter future. Working directly inside more than 2,300 schools across the country, we connect kids to caring adults and community resources designed to help them succeed. We do whatever it takes to ensure that all kids – regardless of the challenges they may face – have what they need to realize their potential. Authentic Brands Group (ABG) is a brand development, marketing and entertainment company, and co-owner of the Shaquille O’Neal brand. Headquartered in New York City, ABG manages, elevates and builds the long-term value of more than 50 consumer brands and properties by partnering with best-in-class manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers. Its brands have a global retail footprint in more than 100,000 points of sale across the luxury, specialty, department store, mid-tier, mass and e-commerce channels and more than 4,930 freestanding stores and shop-in-shops around the world. ABG is committed to transforming brands by delivering compelling product, content, business and immersive experiences. It creates and activates original marketing strategies to drive the success of its brands across all consumer touchpoints, platforms and emerging media. ABG’s portfolio of iconic and world-renowned brands generates in annual retail sales and includes Marilyn Monroe, Mini Marilyn, Elvis Presley, Muhammad Ali, Shaquille O'Neal, Sports Illustrated, Dr. J, Greg Norman, Neil Lane, Thalia, Michael Jackson (managed brand), Nautica, Aéropostale, Juicy Couture, Vince Camuto, Herve Leger, Judith Leiber, Frederick's of Hollywood, Nine West, Frye, Jones New York, Louise et Cie, Sole Society, Enzo Angiolini, CC Corso Como, Hickey Freeman, Hart Schaffner Marx, Adrienne Vittadini, Taryn Rose, Bandolino, Misook, 1.STATE, CeCe, Chaus, Spyder, Tretorn, Tapout, Prince, Volcom, Airwalk, Vision Street Wear, Above The Rim, Hind, Thomasville, Drexel and Henredon. For more information, visit authenticbrandsgroup.com. Follow ABG on Twitter, Linkedin and Instagram.
Amazon announced today that it has signed an agreement to acquire eero, a company that offers products and services for high-performing, reliable, and simple home WiFi SEATTLE & SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 11, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and eero today announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement under which Amazon will acquire eero. eero’s home mesh WiFi systems set up in minutes and blanket every room of a customer’s home in high-performing, reliable WiFi. eero is already delighting Amazon customers with its products and services, as indicated by eero’s 4.6-star product rating on Amazon.com. "We are incredibly impressed with the eero team and how quickly they invented a WiFi solution that makes connected devices just work,” said Dave Limp, SVP of Amazon Devices and Services. “We have a shared vision that the smart home experience can get even easier, and we’re committed to continue innovating on behalf of customers.” “From the beginning, eero’s mission has been to make the technology in homes just work,” said Nick Weaver, Co-Founder and CEO of eero. “We started with WiFi because it’s the foundation of the modern home. Every customer deserves reliable and secure WiFi in every room. By joining the Amazon family, we’re excited to learn from and work closely with a team that is defining the future of the home, accelerate our mission, and bring eero systems to more customers around the globe.” eero uses multiple access points that work together as a system to blanket a home in high-performing, reliable, and simple home WiFi. Customers can customize an eero system to meet the needs of their home—regardless of shape or size—eliminating dead zones, ensuring perfect streaming video in every room, and delivering the bandwidth all connected devices need. With the easy-to-use eero app, customers can set up the system in under 10 minutes, share their network, program parental controls, and run speed tests on demand. Additionally, eero communicates with the cloud to receive instructions and updates. This means eero systems are self-updating, self-fixing, and self-improving all the time. Completion of this transaction is subject to customary closing conditions. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. The first mesh home WiFi system, eero blankets any home in reliable and secure WiFi. eero’s digital security service, eero Plus, protects connected devices, privacy, and family. eero is simple to set up, even easier to manage, and improves over time with regular, automatic software updates. Founded in San Francisco in 2014 by Amos Schallich, Nate Hardison, and Nick Weaver, eero’s goal is to make WiFi so good that you’ll never think about WiFi again.
Amazon Announces Amazon Career Day on September 17th – 30,000+ Permanent Jobs Available across the U.S. Paying $15 an Hour or More and Offering On-the-job Training and Upskilling Opportunities Amazon Career Day – the nation’s largest job fair – will feature six informational and networking events in Arlington, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Nashville, and Seattle – job seekers can register here Tens of thousands of corporate, tech, and customer fulfillment roles include full-time, full-benefit opportunities for people with a wide range of skill levels, offering at least /hour and competitive benefits, as well as skills training as part of Amazon’s Upskilling 2025 initiative Amazon Career Day will also help individuals learn more about how to build a business with Amazon, from starting your own delivery business to selling online or publishing your own book SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sep. 9, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced Amazon Career Day on Tuesday, September 17th, a series of events across the U.S. where anyone can learn more about the 30,000 full and part-time jobs available at Amazon in locations across the country, from the company’s headquarters and tech hubs to datacenters and fulfillment centers. There are jobs for people with all types of experience, education, and skill levels – from entry-level roles at Amazon’s fulfillment centers working with the latest robotics technology, software development engineers helping make Alexa smarter, or computer vision scientists building the technology behind Amazon Go. All candidates will have access to on-the-job training and upskilling opportunities as part of the company’s Upskilling 2025 initiative to help employees gain new skills to build their career. Amazon will hold six Amazon Career Day events across the U.S. where candidates can learn more about the career opportunities with the company. The events on September 17th are in Arlington – the site of the company’s second headquarters in North America – as well as Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Nashville, and Seattle. Amazon Career Day events are open to anyone interested in learning more about opportunities with Amazon, from applying for a job with the company to learning more about how to start a business delivering packages or selling online. For more information – including how to register for the events and apply for open roles – visit amazon.jobs/careerday. “Amazon has created more than 300,000 new jobs in the U.S. over the last decade – and we’re proud to continue investing and creating opportunities for people across the country,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon founder and CEO. “These are jobs with highly competitive compensation and full-benefits from day one, as well as training opportunities to gain new skills in high-demand fields such as robotics and machine learning.” Candidates can explore open positions on amazon.jobs – and they can learn about the fastest-growing jobs at Amazonhere. The Amazon Career Day events will feature businesses across Amazon, and recruiters will be on-hand to talk to candidates about corporate roles at our 18 Tech Hubs, as well as within our customer fulfillment, delivery, and retail facilities. In addition to the positions available at the company, the events will include informational sessions on how to be your own boss with help from Amazonby selling on Amazon, starting your own delivery company becoming a Delivery Service Partner, or publishing your own book. Additionally, Amazon is starting to hire for tens of thousands of seasonal roles for its operations network in the coming weeks to meet increased demand for the holiday season. Candidates interested in these positions – also paying /hour – can visit amazondelivers.jobs. With more than 650,000 employees worldwide, Amazon has been recognized on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list for the past four years, ranked #2 in the Fortune 2017 and 2018 World’s Most Admired Companies, #5 in Fast Company's 2018 World’s Most Innovative Companies and 2019 50 Best Workplaces for Innovators. Amazon has more than 300,000 full-time employees in the U.S., across more than 40 states and 250 different counties, two headquarters, 18 Tech Hubs, more than 150 fulfillment centers, sortation centers and delivery stations, and more than three dozen Amazon Go, Amazon 4-Star and Amazon Books retail stores. Since 2010, Amazon has invested more than in the U.S., including infrastructure and compensation to our employees. Learn more about Amazon’s economic impact across the U.S. here. Amazon provides highly competitive benefits to full-time employees — from the company’s most senior executives to its hourly fulfillment center associates -- including comprehensive healthcare from day one, 401(k) matching, and up to 20-weeks of paid parental leave. Through its Upskilling 2025 initiative, Amazon has also committed to programs aiming to provide its employees with the skills they need for new, in-demand jobs, from paid cloud computing apprenticeships to its Career Choice program, which pre-pays 95% of tuition for courses in in-demand fields, regardless of whether skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. On top of the company’s direct hires, there are more than 1.9 million businesses, content creators, and developers in the U.S. using Amazon products and services to start or grow their careers. Small and medium-sized businesses selling their products on Amazon stores are also creating jobs -- more than 830,000 in the U.S. and 1.6 million worldwide. Developers have built more than 90,000 Alexa skills, and hundreds of thousands of authors from around the world have self-published millions of books through Kindle Direct Publishing. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Plymouth Housing will receive to provide permanent supportive housing for people experiencing homelessness in Seattle; will go to the Arlington Community Foundation to increase access to affordable housing for low-income families and veterans The gift will help create additional housing units and support services in both regions for thousands of community members Beginning today, Amazon will also match employee contributions to select charities addressing housing and homelessness in its HQ regions SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jun. 11, 2019-- (NASDAQ: AMZN)—Since 2016, Amazon has made in-kind and cash donations to its Seattle nonprofit partners Mary’s Place and FareStart, including a first-of-its-kind family shelter within an Amazon building for Mary’s Place and classroom and restaurant space for FareStart’s job training program for people experiencing homelessness or living in poverty. The collective value of these donations, including annual rent, is more than , with Mary’s Place alone receiving in in-kind and cash donations over the next 10 years. Today, Amazon announced an initial total donation to Plymouth Housing and the Arlington Community Foundation, based in the company’s two headquarters regions – Seattle and Arlington, VA. The gifts will support both nonprofits in their missions to improve the quality of life for the most vulnerable residents by increasing access to additional housing units for families, veterans, and single adults experiencing chronic homelessness or in need of affordable housing. In addition to these initial gifts – to Plymouth Housing and to the Arlington Community Foundation – the company will match employee donations through September 30, 2019 to select charities that address housing and homelessness in both regions. “As the city of Seattle continues to look for solutions to homelessness, this generous donation from Amazon will help us meet the immediate needs of thousands of people in the coming years,” said Paul Lambros, CEO of Plymouth Housing. “Chronic homelessness is a disabling condition and a complex issue requiring the attention and support of the whole community. We’re very grateful to Amazon for continuing to step up in addressing this pressing need.” “Since 2000, Arlington County has lost nearly 90% of its market affordable housing stock. Amazon’s donation is a significant investment in our community and will support critical issues like housing affordability that are important to Northern Virginians,” said Jennifer Owens, President and CEO, Arlington Community Foundation. “Our veterans and working families deserve an appropriate standard of living that is healthy, safe, and makes for a vibrant community. This gift is a great contribution toward that cause.” “Homelessness and affordable housing are real concerns in Seattle and the Washington, DC region – as neighbors in both, we made these donations to Plymouth Housing and the Arlington Community Foundation because of their work and progress on housing stability and helping families improve their quality of life,” said Jay Carney, SVP, Global Corporate Affairs at Amazon. “We believe this gift can help offer additional housing and support services for our neighbors in need. In addition, together with our employees, we will donate to nonprofits located in Washington State, Washington, DC, Maryland, and Virginia, whose missions support affordable housing and people experiencing homelessness.” Beginning today, Amazon also launched an employee match campaign to encourage employees to donate to 20 select nonprofits addressing housing and homelessness in the company’s two headquarter regions. Amazon will match the donation one-for-one, up to , through September 30. The select nonprofits include: Plymouth Housing provides permanent housing to single men and women experiencing chronic homelessness, those sleeping on the streets and in cars while dealing with significant physical or behavioral health conditions. Amazon’s donation to Plymouth Housing will help provide significant support to the organization, which pairs permanent homes with services to address physical disabilities, mental health, or chemical dependency, helping prevent residents from experiencing homelessness again. Plymouth serves over 1,000 formerly homeless Seattle residents each year in 14 local apartment buildings. The Arlington Community Foundation was established in 1991 to serve as a permanent community endowment built by the gifts and charitable legacies of individuals, families, and businesses for the betterment of Arlington County. As a grant maker, convener, and sponsor of special initiatives, the Community Foundation strives to strengthen local nonprofits, encourage better understanding of the needs of Arlingtonians, address the most critical issues of our time, and to ensure that our community provides opportunity for everyone. Its focus areas include homelessness prevention, education, arts, youth, and families in need. About Amazon in the Community Amazon is committed to helping all children and young adults, especially those from underrepresented and underserved communities, have the resources and skills they need to build their best future. Amazon focuses on building long-term, innovative, and high impact programs that leverage Amazon’s unique assets and culture. Initiatives include Amazon Future Engineer, designed to inspire and excite 10 million children and young adults from underrepresented communities each year to pursue an education in computer science, as well as programs that support immediate needs, including fighting childhood hunger by providing access to millions of breakfasts through its nationwide Rise and Smile program, addressing family homelessness through donations and housing a homeless shelter in its Seattle headquarters, and global relief efforts for people in need following natural disasters. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
The new fulfillment centers in Akron and Rossford will total more than 1.4 million-square-feet SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 22, 2019-- Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced plans to open two new Ohio fulfillment centers, one in Akron and the other in Rossford, creating more than 2,500 full-time jobs with comprehensive benefits and opportunities to work alongside Amazon robotics in an industry-leading workplace. “Ohio has been a great place to do business, serve customers and create jobs; as a result, we are thrilled to develop two state-of-the-art fulfillment centers in Akron and Rossford,” said Alicia Boler Davis, Amazon’s Vice President of Global Customer Fulfillment. “We're excited to grow our team in the Buckeye state, which now includes more than 8,500 Amazonians, and be part of the larger Ohio community.” “Amazon continues to demonstrate confidence in the great workforce and e-commerce business climate we have in Ohio,” said Ohio Governor Mike DeWine. “I’m pleased to welcome two additional investments from Amazon, which bring thousands of new jobs to Ohio and cutting-edge facilities to Akron and Rossford.” Each fulfillment center is more than 700,000 square feet and will be used to pick, pack and ship small items to customers such as books, electronics and toys. All associates will go through hours of safety training and ongoing coaching and will have access to continuing education opportunities through Amazon’s upskilling programs such as Career Choice in which the company will pre-pay up to 95 percent of tuition for courses related to in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since the program’s launch, over 25,000 employees have pursued degrees in game design and visual communications, nursing, IT programming and radiology, to name a few. On top of Amazon’s minimum wage, the company offers full-time employees comprehensive benefits including full medical, vision, and dental insurance as well as a 401(k) with 50 percent match starting on day one. The company also offers up to 20 weeks of maternal and parental paid leave and innovative benefits such as Leave Share and Ramp Back, which give new parents flexibility with their growing families. In addition, Amazon has pledged to invest over to provide upskilling training for 100,000 U.S. employees for in demand jobs. Programs will help Amazonians from all backgrounds access training to move into highly skilled roles across the company’s corporate offices, tech hubs, fulfillment centers, retails stores, and transportation network, or pursue career paths outside of Amazon. “Amazon has been a strong partner in Ohio, creating more than 8,500 jobs here that have brought benefits and health care on day one,” said J.P. Nauseef, JobsOhio President and Chief Investment Officer. “JobsOhio and our regional and local partners welcome these new facilities that will employ 2,500 Ohioans, revitalize an Akron neighborhood, and bring Amazon’s largest Northwest Ohio investment to Rossford.” “We are excited to have Amazon build on to its already strong business relationship with Ohio by selecting the City of Akron for its new facility,” said Akron Mayor Dan Horrigan. “Once completed, this fulfillment center will provide even more opportunities for good jobs to people seeking employment in and around Akron.” “Rossford is home to an increasingly diverse business community, we are thrilled that Amazon will be joining those ranks by locating its new fulfillment center here,” said Rossford Mayor Neil A. MacKinnon III. ”We welcome Amazon as our new neighbor and look forward to the job creation Amazon will bring for members of our community and the surrounding areas.” An Amazon presence in Ohio means more than just the jobs provided within the fulfillment center’s four walls. In addition to full-benefit, great jobs inside its buildings, the company has brought thousands of jobs in construction and services. Since 2010, Amazon has invested more than in the state through its customer fulfillment and cloud infrastructure, and compensation to its employees. Using methodology developed by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, Amazon estimates its investments in the state have created an additional 19,000 indirect jobs on top of the company’s direct hires. Amazon’s fulfillment network supports millions of businesses of all sizes worldwide through its Fulfillment By Amazon offering, and many of those local organizations are based right here in Ohio. There are more than 55,000 authors, small and medium-sized businesses, and developers in Ohio growing their companies and reaching new customers on Amazon products and services. These projects are being developed in partnership with Seefried Industrial Properties, Duke Realty, the Development Finance Authority of Summit County, and the Wood County Port Authority. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
The new facility in Allegheny County will total more than 1 million-square-feet SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 30, 2019-- Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced plans to open its 15th Pennsylvanian operations facility in Pittsburgh, creating more than 800 new, full-time jobs starting at an hour with comprehensive benefits and opportunities in an industry-leading workplace. “Pennsylvania is a great state for business and Amazon is excited to continue its growth and investment with our newest fulfillment center in Allegheny County,” said Alicia Boler Davis, vice president of global customer fulfillment, Amazon. “For nearly a decade, the Keystone state has been key to Amazon’s ability to serve our incredible customers and provide great selection and super-fast shipping speeds across the Northeast and Midwest regions of the U.S. Since 2010, the company has invested more than in the state through its local fulfillment center and cloud infrastructure, research facilities, and compensation to thousands of employees. We are excited to create more than 800 new full-time jobs, in addition to the 10,000 current employees across the state, who receive industry-leading pay and benefits starting on day one.” “It’s a great win any time a business comes in and pledges to create 800 new jobs,” said Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf. “This is a significant investment for Pennsylvania and I applaud Amazon for selecting our commonwealth as the location for this facility.” The fulfillment center will be more than 1 million square feet and Amazon employees will pick, pack and ship larger customer items, such as sports equipment, patio furniture, kayaks and larger home goods. All associates will go through hours of safety training and ongoing coaching and will have access to continuing education opportunities through Amazon’s upskilling programs, such as Career Choice, in which the company will pre-pay up to 95 percent of tuition for courses related to in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since the program’s launch, more than 25,000 employees have pursued degrees in game design and visual communications, nursing, IT programming and radiology, to name a few. On top of Amazon’s minimum wage, the company offers full-time employees comprehensive benefits including full medical, vision, and dental insurance as well as a 401(k) with 50 percent match starting on day one. The company also offers up to 20 weeks of maternal and parental paid leave and innovative benefits such as Leave Share and Ramp Back, which give new parents flexibility with their growing families. In addition, Amazon has pledged to invest over to provide upskilling training for 100,000 U.S. employees for in demand jobs. Programs will help Amazonians from all backgrounds access training to move into highly skilled roles across the company’s corporate offices, tech hubs, fulfillment centers, retails stores, and transportation network, or pursue career paths outside of Amazon. “Today’s announcement underscores that Amazon has never taken its eyes off Pittsburgh. A new, from-the-ground-up fulfillment center will increase the count of several local Amazon facilities – including a growing engineering center – that provide, or will provide, thousands of well-paying jobs in the region,” said Pittsburgh Regional Alliance (PRA) President Mark A. Thomas. “The PRA – the economic development marketing affiliate of the Allegheny Conference on Community Development – was happy to bring together a number of partners to showcase the Pittsburgh assets that support the company’s expansion plans. These include proven strength in distribution and logistics, pad-ready parcels with nearby interstate and highway access and a workforce pipeline that meets the hiring demands of enterprises, like Amazon, on the leading edge of innovation.” "This is great news for our region. We appreciate the ongoing partnership with Amazon that began years ago. Their continued expansion in this region is more evidence that the ecodistrict of logistics, warehouse and manufacturing in the airport corridor is starting to gain momentum,” said County Executive Rich Fitzgerald, Allegheny County. “Amazon’s decision also reflects their continued confidence in this county’s, this region’s and this state’s economy. The county, Port Authority and Airport Authority are proud to continue working with so many partners to show that this region is a good place to do business.” An addition to Amazon’s presence in Pennsylvania means more than just the great jobs with full benefits provided within the fulfillment center’s four walls. Each additional Amazon facility adds to the thousands of jobs in construction and services the company has brought to Pennsylvania. Since 2010, Amazon has invested more than in the state through its customer fulfillment and cloud infrastructure and compensation to its employees. Using the methodology developed by the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis, Amazon estimates its investments in the state have created an additional 8,000 indirect jobs on top of the company's direct hires. Amazon’s fulfillment network supports millions of businesses of all sizes worldwide through its Fulfillment By Amazon offering, and many of those local organizations are based right here in Pennsylvania. There are more than 68,500 authors, small and medium-sized businesses, and developers in Pennsylvania growing their companies and reaching new customers on Amazon products and services. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Commits to net zero carbon by 2040 and 100% renewable energy by 2030 Orders 100,000 fully-electric delivery vehicles, the largest order ever for electric delivery vehicles Invests in reforestation projects around the world to begin removing carbon from the atmosphere now Launches new sustainability website to report progress on commitments WASHINGTON, D.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sep. 19, 2019-- Today, Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Global Optimism announced The Climate Pledge, a commitment to meet the Paris Agreement 10 years early. Amazon today becomes the first signatory of this pledge. The Climate Pledge calls on signatories to be net zero carbon across their businesses by 2040—a decade ahead of the Paris Accord’s goal of 2050. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190919005609/en/ Companies that sign The Climate Pledge agree to: • Implement decarbonization strategies in line with the Paris Agreement through real business changes and innovations, including efficiency improvements, renewable energy, materials reductions, and other carbon emission elimination strategies; • Neutralize any remaining emissions with additional, quantifiable, real, permanent, and socially-beneficial offsets to achieve net zero annual carbon emissions by 2040. “We’re done being in the middle of the herd on this issue—we’ve decided to use our size and scale to make a difference,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon founder and CEO. “If a company with as much physical infrastructure as Amazon—which delivers more than 10 billion items a year—can meet the Paris Agreement 10 years early, then any company can. I’ve been talking with other CEOs of global companies, and I’m finding a lot of interest in joining the pledge. Large companies signing The Climate Pledge will send an important signal to the market that it’s time to invest in the products and services the signatories will need to meet their commitments.” “Bold steps by big companies will make a huge difference in the development of new technologies and industries to support a low carbon economy,” said Christiana Figueres, the UN’s former climate change chief and founding partner of Global Optimism. “With this step, Amazon also helps many other companies to accelerate their own decarbonization. If Amazon can set ambitious goals like this and make significant changes at their scale, we think many more companies should be able to do the same and will accept the challenge. We are excited to have others join.” By joining The Climate Pledge and agreeing to decarbonize on a faster time horizon, signatories will play a critical role in stimulating investment in the development of low carbon products and services that will be required to help companies meet the pledge. Amazon’s previously announced investment in Rivian is an example of this. Rivian is a producer of emissions-free electric vehicles with its headquarters in Plymouth, Michigan and a manufacturing plant in Normal, Illinois. The investment will accelerate the production of electric vehicles critical to reducing emissions from transportation. To further advance this goal, Amazon today announced the order of 100,000 electric delivery vehicles from Rivian, the largest order ever of electric delivery vehicles, with vans starting to deliver packages to customers in 2021. Amazon plans to have 10,000 of the new electric vehicles on the road as early as 2022 and all 100,000 vehicles on the road by 2030 – saving 4 million metric tons of carbon per year by 2030. 80% Renewable Energy by 2024 and 100% Renewable Energy By 2030 Two years ago, Amazon made a long-term commitment to power its global infrastructure with 100% renewable energy. Amazon is now pledging to reach 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy by 2030 on its path to net zero carbon by 2040. Major investments in renewable energy are a critical step to address its carbon footprint globally. To date, Amazon has launched 15 utility-scale wind and solar renewable energy projects that will generate over 1,300 MW of renewable capacity and deliver more than 3.8 million MWh of clean energy annually – enough to power 368,000 U.S. homes. Amazon has also installed more than 50 solar rooftops on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe that generate 98 MW of renewable capacity and deliver 130,000 MWh of clean energy annually. Amazon is launching the Right Now Climate Fund, committing to restore and protect forests, wetlands, and peatlands around the world in partnership with The Nature Conservancy. The Right Now Climate Fund will help remove millions of metric tons of carbon from the atmosphere over the lifetime of the project, and create economic opportunity for thousands of people. “The science is clear: healthy forests, grasslands, and wetlands are some of the most effective tools we have to address climate change—but we must act now to take natural climate solutions to scale,” said Sally Jewell, interim CEO, The Nature Conservancy. “Amazon is recognized as an innovator that drives real change. A commitment of this size is an exciting opportunity, with the potential to drive transformational change. We applaud Amazon’s Climate Pledge and their aggressive ambition to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2040 and look forward to our high-impact collaboration.” Amazon today launched a new sustainability website to report on its commitments, initiatives, and performance. The site includes information on Amazon’s carbon footprint and other sustainability metrics that share the progress the company is making towards reaching The Climate Pledge. The new goals, commitments, investments, and programs announced today build on Amazon’s long-term commitment to sustainability through existing innovative programs, including Shipment Zero – Amazon’s vision to make all shipments net zero carbon, with 50% net zero carbon by 2030; sustainable packaging initiatives like Frustration-Free Packaging and Ship in Own Container, which have reduced packaging waste by 25% since 2015; renewable energy programs; investments in the circular economy with the Closed Loop Fund; and numerous other initiatives happening every day by teams across Amazon. Visit sustainability.aboutamazon.com to view the company’s new sustainability reporting website and learn more. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about.
Amazon Continues Drive to Shipment Zero – Announces Early Completion of Goal to Host 50 Solar Rooftop Systems Globally by 2020; Solar Energy Industries Association Ranks Amazon #1 in the U.S. for Amount of Corporate On-site Solar Installed in 2018 Amazon’s U.S. solar projects have offset the CO2 equivalent of more than 200 million miles of truck deliveries Globally, Amazon has 61 operating solar and wind projects that are expected to generate over 1,044 MW and deliver over 3.1 million MWh of energy annually SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 25, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced the early completion of its commitment to host 50 solar systems on its fulfillment and sortation center rooftops globally by 2020. Additionally, Amazon was ranked #1 in the U.S. for the amount of corporate on-site solar installed in 2018 by the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA). The on-site solar systems reduce Amazon’s reliance on fossil fuels, and can generate as much as 80 percent of a single fulfillment facility’s annual energy needs. Amazon’s on-site solar investments support Shipment Zero – Amazon’s vision to make all Amazon shipments net zero carbon, with 50% of all shipments net zero by 2030 – as well as its companywide goal to use 100% renewable energy across its global operations and infrastructure. According to the SEIA’s 2018 Solar Means Business Report, Amazon ranked #1 in the U.S. for the amount of corporate on-site solar installed in 2018, and #2 for total amount of solar installed to date. And in just the last three-years alone, Amazon has installed more solar capacity in the U.S. than any company. In total, Amazon’s solar projects in the U.S. have offset the CO2 equivalent of more than 200 million miles of truck deliveries. “Online shopping is inherently more sustainable, and with Shipment Zero, we’re working to make all Amazon shipments net zero carbon, with 50% of all shipments net zero by 2030,” said Kara Hurst, Director of Sustainability, Amazon. “Our investments in renewable energy – including reaching our goal of 50 solar rooftop installations a year early – are another important milestone in building a more sustainable business. Thanks to all the teams working hard to deliver this – we’re going to continue our investment in renewable energy.” Globally, Amazon has 32 rooftop systems in the U.S., 12 in the EU, and seven in India, totaling over 98 MW of installed capacity. In total, Amazon has 61 operating solar and wind projects that are expected to generate over 1,044 MW and deliver over 3.1 million MWh of energy annually. “Corporate solar investments are surging thanks to companies like Amazon,” said Abigail Ross Hopper, President and CEO of the Solar Energy Industries Association. “Over the past three years, Amazon has installed more solar than any other company, showing that clean energy both boosts the bottom line and helps companies meet climate commitments. We commend Amazon for its leadership on solar energy and urge other businesses to follow their example.” Amazon has a longstanding commitment to sustainability. Since launching Frustration-Free Packaging in 2009, Amazon has eliminated more than 244,000 tons of packaging materials and avoided 500 million shipping boxes. Amazon continues to invest in sustainability through the company’s network of solar and wind farms, solar on fulfillment center rooftops, the circular economy with the Closed Loop Fund, Amazon’s Second Chance website, and numerous other initiatives happening every day by teams across Amazon. Amazon has also implemented the District Energy Project that uses recycled energy for heating millions of square feet of the company’s headquarters buildings in Seattle. For more information on Amazon’s sustainability initiatives, visit www.amazon.com/sustainability. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
This Prime Day, Amazon is collaborating with popular actors, musicians and artists to introduce new and exclusive products to members and deliver outstanding deals on their beloved products. Prime Day’s star-studded deals will include popular brands founded by celebrities such as Performance Inspired Nutrition products by Mark Wahlberg, JUST by Jaden Smith, This Saves Lives by Kristen Bell, and more. SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 2, 2019-- (NASDAQ:AMZN) – Amazon is collaborating with popular actors, musicians and artists to introduce new and exclusive products or deliver outstanding deals on beloved products. Starting now through Prime Day, members can shop deals on products founded by Kristen Bell, Kobe Bryant, Zac Brown, Rhett & Link, JoJo Siwa, Will and Jaden Smith, Mark Wahlberg, Marshmello and more. Deals are available now through Prime Day at amazon.com/celebdeals, while supplies last. Not a Prime member yet? Customers can join Prime or start a 30-day free trial at amazon.com/primeday to participate in Prime Day. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190701005947/en/ Members can view a special message from the stars here. “Now through Prime Day, members can enjoy exclusive deals and brand new products offered to them by some of the most popular stars such as Mark Wahlberg, Jaden Smith, Kristen Bell and more,” said Cem Sibay, Vice President of Amazon Prime. “With incredible deals on top products from pop culture icons across entertainment, fashion, style and food, we’re bringing the best of shopping and entertainment to our members again this year.” “We’re really excited to be a part of Amazon Prime Day this year,” said Jaden Smith. “JUST is so important to my family and we look forward to continuing to raise awareness around how together we can all take steps in the right direction and fix the environmental challenges we’re all facing.” Customers have already been able to shop for top customized looks from Levi’s - Levi’s has teamed-up with Pro Football Player Sterling Shepard and supermodel Chanel Iman Shepard. They created their own custom designed Levi’s Iconic 501 for him and Levi’s 721 High-Rise for her available for a limited time on Amazon. Chief Cubcoats Mom, Hilary Duff, is excited to share four all-new, never before seen Cubcoats, exclusive for members this Prime Day. Creating magic for children and peace of mind for parents, Cubcoats is a true lifesaver. Only premium materials in this 2-in-1 hoodie, which transforms into a plush animal, instantly. Cubcoats are the perfect travel buddies or even a discreet safety blanket alternative! Each cub has a special strength, encouraging self-esteem and positive friendships. Adopt your child’s new best friend today. The four new Cubcoats – Dayo the Dinosaur, Uki the Unicorn, Light Fury Dragon, Toothless Dragon – are available to shop for members now through Prime Day. Plus, members can enjoy 30% off on select Cubcoats. Nickelodeon is launching 24 new JoJo Siwa products exclusively for Prime members on Amazon for Prime Day. The collection includes JoJo roller skates, launching in two designs and adjustable to fit your growing Siwanator, a brand new aluminum scooter with neon rainbow bow, and her newest apparel line of fashion tops, hoodies, and dresses, as well as a bundle of her iconic bows. Members can start shopping JoJo Siwa’s products today at amazon.com/jojosiwa. Founded by artist and activist Jaden Smith and his family, JUST Water is committed to changing the way consumer goods are created, sourced and packaged. The first product line, JUST Water, sets a new standard for packaged water, bottling responsibly sourced 100% spring water in a plant-based carton. Always aiming to push boundaries, JUST products are as clean, authentic and transparent as possible. The line includes 100% spring water in two sizes as well as JUST Infused, the same core spring water flavored with organic fruit essences. Members can enjoy up to 25% off on over 10 JUST Water products, available now through Prime Day while supplies last. This Saves Lives is a snack bar company that is actually in the business of doing good. The delicious snack bars are Gluten-Free, Non-GMO, Kosher, and ridiculously delicious. Every time you make a purchase, you send life-saving food to a child in need. Members can shop for these tasty snack bars for up to 20% off. In her own words, Kristen Bell says it best: “I hope you love your This Saves Lives snack bars! They taste good, they're good for you, and most importantly, every time you buy a bar you provide life-saving food to a child in need. It's that simple. We eat together.” Mark Wahlberg teamed up with 25-year industry veteran Tom Dowd to create an affordable line of all-natural whey protein powders, sports nutrition bars, and training supplements that would help people perform at their highest level. Performance Inspired Nutrition will offer up to 20% off on 50+ products from now through Prime Day such as the Whey Protein Powder and the Pre-workout Supplement Powder. Art of Sport makes premium body care products with better formulas, more botanicals, energizing scents, and no unnecessary chemicals to keep all athletes at the top of their game. Founded in partnership with Kobe Bryant and a team of world-class athletes, products include Deodorant with matcha, Shampoo + Conditioner with coconut oil, Body Wash with tea tree oil, Body Scrub Bar with activated charcoal, Recovery Cream with arnica and eucalyptus, and SPF 50 Sunscreen. Members will be able to enjoy 20% off on over 20 Art of Sport products starting now through Prime Day. Kobe Bryant says, “Our goal is to give all athletes better body care to help them unlock their full potential.” In early 2017, multi-platinum, GRAMMY Award-Winning artist Zac Brown discovered the DemerBox – a waterproof, ultra-portable, and rugged outdoor Bluetooth speaker designed by James Demer – on Amazon. Zac gave it a test of his own, taking the DemerBox on a spearfishing trip to Belize. Immediately impressed by its durability and sound quality, he became an instant DemerBox fan and quickly invested in the startup. This Prime Day, members can get DemerBox’s newest speaker, the DB2, for (20% Off). In his own words, Zac says, “I have an emotional connection to my DemerBox because it’s like my man purse. For me, being an outdoorsman, I like having something that keeps my phone safe, my keys, my wallet, my valuables, and keeps them dry and secure. I like having my music, my battery and my storage everywhere with me. And it sounds great!” Mythical is an entertainment company and lifestyle brand founded by comedic duo and life-long best friends Rhett & Link. The company’s flagship comedy talk show, Good Mythical Morning, is in its 16th season and has over 15 million subscribers, 100 million monthly views, and nearly 6 billion lifetime views on YouTube. This Prime Day, members will be able to shop incredible deals on Rhett & Link’s Mythical Grooming Collection, which includes up to 20% off on premium hair pomade, beard oil, and lip balms. Stuffed Puffs is turning S’mores on their heads, or really inside out - they have seamlessly put the chocolate on the inside of marshmallow so the chocolate melts in the middle when roasting over the fire. And in the hands of the chart-topping and famously masked artist Marshmello, you can discover all kinds of recipes for Prime Day. Stuffed Puff Marshmallows will be available for 20% off for members. Get ready to shop Prime Day – July 15 and 16 This year’s Prime Day starts at midnight on Monday, July 15 and – for the first time ever – runs for 48 hours, offering members two full days to uncover the best in shopping and entertainment from Amazon Prime. Prime Day will also feature the biggest deals ever on Alexa-enabled devices from our Echo and Fire TV line-ups and starting today, Prime members can save on Fire TV Recast, now just . Not a Prime member yet? Anyone can join Prime or start a 30-day free trial at amazon.com/primeday to participate in Prime Day. Every Day Made Better with Prime Prime was designed to make your life better every single day. Over 100 million paid members around the world enjoy the many benefits of Prime, including the best of shopping and entertainment on Prime Day. In the U.S. that includes unlimited access to award-winning movies and TV episodes with Prime Video; unlimited access to Prime Music, Prime Reading, Twitch Prime and more. Prime members can also get deep discounts on select popular products at Whole Foods Market plus an additional 10 percent off hundreds of sale items. Prime was built on the foundation of unlimited fast, free shipping. In addition to one-day delivery coast to coast, Amazon customers in thousands of cities and towns across 44 major metropolitan areas already have access to millions of items with free same-day delivery. Simply look for items marked as eligible for delivery today, order by lunch, and get your items by bed time. For delivery in a matter of hours, members can also use Prime Now to receive grocery delivery from Whole Foods Market in nearly 90 U.S. metros, or grocery pickup in as little as 30 minutes in 30 metros, with more to come in 2019. We will continue to offer more than 100 million products for two-day delivery as well. Start a free trial of Amazon Prime at amazon.com/prime. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Donates $2 Million to Alliance for Education to Create "Right Now Needs Fund" to Help Students in Seattle Fund will address urgent needs of students in all Seattle Public Schools, with resources targeted to schools with the greatest needs SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 15, 2018-- Amazon (Nasdaq:AMZN) today announced a grant to the Alliance for Education to create the “Right Now Needs Fund” to help meet the urgent and basic needs of students attending Seattle Public Schools. This money is meant to be flexible and could be used to purchase a needed raincoat or school supplies, or to provide food in backpacks to feed students over a long weekend. “At least a third of the students in Seattle Public Schools are impacted by poverty, and they are present in all of our 103 schools. The opportunity gap facing children from low income families has been a persistent problem in our community, and it is widening,” said Lisa Chick, President and CEO at the Alliance for Education. “We are grateful for Amazon’s generosity and understanding that to be successful in education we need to support the basic needs of children. These funds will help us directly address closing the opportunity gap in Seattle.” “We work hard at Aki Kurose to make sure all our kids have what they need to be ready to learn, but the need is far greater than the resources we have available,” said Dr. Mia Williams, Principal at Aki Kurose Middle School. “This fund puts an incredible tool in our hands to solve problems and set my students up for success. I couldn’t be more excited about what this means to my community.” Low-income students, including students experiencing homelessness, are concentrated in Seattle’s 31 “Title 1” schools. However, 18,300 children receive free and reduced lunch across all Seattle Public Schools. Students whose basic needs are not met often struggle to learn. “The Alliance for Education has a track record of administering on-the-ground programs that effectively support success for students and teachers,” said David Zapolsky, Amazon SVP & General Counsel and Alliance for Education board member. “We worked hard with the Alliance to create a flexible source of funding so each school can quickly decide how to best serve their students.” The Right Now Needs Fund will help principals, teachers, and parents collaborate to remove students’ most basic barriers to learning in all Seattle Public Schools during the 2018-19 and 2019-20 school years. Spread over the next two years, Amazon will grant to the Alliance for Education to serve as the administrator of the funds for all Seattle Public Schools. The Alliance will disburse the funds to schools according to student needs, and higher poverty schools will receive more support. The only stipulation of the fund is that it must directly benefit students and not replace currently budgeted items. “I’m inspired by this city’s strong commitment to public education – everyone wants our students to succeed. I have also been troubled by the significant challenges many of our students face in their daily lives,” said Seattle Public Schools Superintendent Denise Juneau. “The Amazon contribution is designed to address those challenges by supporting students’ basic needs and removing barriers to learning. This generous and meaningful support, with the Alliance for Education’s stewardship, will help make sure students can focus on their education. We are so appreciative of this gift to our student community.” Both the Alliance for Education and Amazon are committed to education and addressing urgent needs that prevent students from learning. The Alliance for Education is Seattle’s local education fund, and works in close partnership with Seattle Public Schools and other education stakeholders to create programs and raise funds designed to close opportunity gaps in Seattle’s public school system. Amazon supports STEM and computer science education and programs that address childhood hunger and family homelessness. Amazon is a proud donor to the Families Yes campaign in support of the Families, Education, Preschool, and Promise Levy on the ballot November 6. “These resources will complement existing school funding and help to close the opportunity gap,” said former Seattle Mayor Norman Rice. “There’s nothing more important than making sure our students are safe, healthy and ready to learn – I’m delighted that Amazon is making this investment in the future.” Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon to more than double its tech workforce in the metro area and open new office downtown Amazon has created more than 3,500 full-time jobs in Colorado and invested over in the state since 2016, including infrastructure and compensation SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr. 30, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced an expansion of its Denver Tech Hub and plans to create 400 new high-tech jobs in fields including software and hardware engineering, cloud computing, and advertising. To accommodate this job creation, Amazon will open a new office in downtown Denver – joining the company’s Boulder office which opened last fall – and allowing the company to more than double its tech workforce in the Denver area. Together with its customer fulfillment and retail facilities, the company has created more than 3,500 full-time jobs in Colorado. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190430005625/en/ “We’re excited to continue to grow and invest in the Denver area,” said Dave Wood, Site Lead for Amazon’s Denver Tech Hub. “Our new office will offer our teams the convenience of a downtown location with an array of outdoor adventures just up the road.” “I’m so excited that Amazon is adding 400 more jobs in Colorado. We have a terrific workforce that continues to attract the ideas and businesses that thrive in a knowledge-based economy and we are a great place to do business,” said Governor Jared Polis. “Amazon’s current Colorado presence spans from distribution centers to robotics, corporate and operations. It’s wonderful to see their continued investment in our community.” “As a growing thriving tech city it's no surprise Amazon has chosen to expand their Denver workforce,” said Representative Alex Valdez. “Our people and quality of life are second to none. We're excited to see more quality tech jobs coming to our great city.” “Amazon’s continued growth in Metro Denver highlight the value in our investments in place-making, talent development, and global connectivity,” said Sam Bailey, Vice President, Metro Denver Economic Development Corporation. “We are thrilled to partner with Amazon on this significant opportunity for our community.” Amazon has more than 350 employees in the Denver area building new products and services for the company’s retail and advertising businesses, as well as Amazon Web Services (AWS). Amazon’s new 98,000 square foot office will be located in Invesco’s 1515 Wynkoop LEED® Platinum building in Denver’s Lower Downtown neighborhood. Amazon’s Denver Tech Hub is one of the company’s 17 North American Tech Hubs – a network of development centers in addition to Amazon’s Seattle and Arlington headquarters. Together, these Hubs have more than 20,000 employees, innovating for Amazon customers around the world. Recognized on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list for the past four years in the U.S., Amazon provides comprehensive benefits to its employees, including healthcare from day one, 401(k) with 50 percent match and flexible parental leave — from the company’s most senior executives to its hourly FC associates. Amazon also offers a range of programs to equip job seekers and employees with the skills they need for new, in-demand jobs, from paid cloud computing apprenticeships for military veterans, to its innovative Career Choice program, which pre-pays 95% of tuition for courses in in-demand fields, regardless of whether skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. To date, more than 12,000 employees have participated in Career Choice in the United States, pursuing degrees in healthcare, information technology, and many more areas of study. Amazon has invested over in Colorado over the last three years alone, including infrastructure, compensation and Whole Foods Market. The company estimates that these direct investments in the state contributed more than to Colorado’s economy (2016-2018) and generated over 8,000 indirect jobs, 3,700 of them created by Amazon’s direct suppliers. There are also more than 45,000 authors, developers, and small and medium-sized businesses in Colorado growing their businesses with Amazon. As part of Amazon’s ongoing commitment to the community, the company has brought the Amazon Future Engineer program to Colorado this year. Amazon Future Engineer – a childhood-to-career program to inspire, educate and propel children and young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities to pursue careers in computer science – is providing 28 high schools across Colorado, including 14 in the Denver-area, with computer science courses. Schools and students throughout Colorado have also benefitted from Amazon Future Engineer robotics grants and Coding with Kids coding classes. This month, Amazon surprised STEM Launch in Thornton with a donation to support the K-8 school’s Family Makerspace. Additionally, Amazon'sDenver area fulfillment centers have donated thousands of pounds of food and needed products to support families in need through Food Bank of the Rockies. Over the past seven years, the company has invested more than in the U.S., including corporate offices, development and research centers, fulfillment infrastructure, and compensation to its employees. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
4-in-1 Amazon Smart Oven makes cooking simple with voice control and scan-to-cook feature for packaged meals No patience needed: Amazon’s new Certified for Humans program makes it easy to find stress-free smart home devices that are actually smart New Alexa features make everyday tasks easier and help you keep your home safe while you’re away SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sep. 25, 2019-- (NASDAQ: AMZN)—Amazon today announced an array of new programs, devices, and features that make it easier than ever for customers to find, setup, and enjoy connected devices in their homes. Amazon is making smart home simpler with Certified for Humans, a new program that helps customers find products that are tested to be simple to setup and work dependably with Alexa, and new devices like the Amazon Smart Oven that make cooking easy. New Alexa Guard capabilities help customers keep their home safe, and new features like WiFi access and easy reordering of household supplies with Alexa make homes even smarter and more convenient. “Customers want their smart home technology to make everyday tasks easier, but not at the expense of spending their whole weekend, or hiring an expert, just to get everything setup,” said Daniel Rausch, Amazon Vice President, Smart Home. “We think customers will be delighted with what we have coming this fall—more ways to find smart home devices they can set up in minutes, new Alexa features that take the stress out of being away from home, and new products that help families enjoy great meals together or just have a little fun.” Certified for Humans (www.amazon.com/certifiedforhumans) is a new program that helps customers find smart home products that are easy to set up and work seamlessly with Alexa. Every device that carries the Certified for Humans badge offers Frustration Free Setup, which cuts down on the number of steps needed to connect to Alexa. In many cases, it’s as easy as plugging it in. And after that, it only gets better. Certified for Humans devices are tested against over a dozen requirements to help ensure they offer a dependable Alexa experience; no more waiting around for software updates or unresponsive devices. Customers can find the Certified for Humans badge on select smart home devices starting this fall from brands including Amazon, Philips Hue, Hamilton Beach, Kasa Smart by TP-Link, and more. New Smart Home Devices for Convenience and Fun Amazon Smart Oven (www.amazon.com/amazonsmartoven) is a combination convection oven, microwave, air fryer and food warmer. When paired with an Echo, customers can ask Alexa to preheat the oven, start or stop cooking, and be notified when the oven is preheated or their favorite lasagna or fresh-baked cookies are ready. Amazon Smart Oven supports 30 cooking presets and comes with a temperature probe to make it easy to get great, crowd-pleasing cooking results. Customers can also use the convenient scan-to-cook feature to make a great meal, every time. Using the Alexa app or, in the future, a compatible Echo Show device, customers can simply scan the barcode on packaged foods and the Amazon Smart Oven will cook them just right. Scan-to-cook will work with hundreds of packaged foods from brands including Whole Foods Market, 365 Everyday Value, Gardein, Marie Callender’s, and more. A new Echo companion device with fun and helpful features for customers of all ages, Echo Glow (www.amazon.com/echoglow) is a multi-color smart lamp that pairs with Alexa. Just ask for a flickering campfire light for playtime, or a sleep timer that gradually dims as bedtime nears. You can also set Echo Glow to softly cascade through all the colors of the rainbow or, coming soon, ask for a dance party with music and a light show. Today customers can choose from more than 85,000 Alexa-compatible products designed for every room and outdoor space around their homes, with new brands and devices being added every week. Later this year, customers can enjoy even more convenient, voice-controlled cooking and small kitchen appliances from top brands including Crock-Pot, GE Appliances, Hamilton Beach, Instant Pot, June Oven, LG, and Whirlpool; new support for garage door openers from beam Home and Nexx; and smart blinds and shades from IKEA, Legrand, Lutron, Schellenberg, and Somfy. Other Alexa-compatible devices coming soon for the home include new products from Procter & Gamble, Dyson, Mr. Christmas, Traeger, and more—all Alexa controlled and designed to make your smart home even smarter. More Convenience and Peace of Mind with New Alexa Features With Alexa Guard, customers can keep their home safe when they’re away. When you set Guard to Away mode, if an Echo device detects the sound of smoke alarms, carbon monoxide alarms, or glass breaking, Alexa can send you Smart Alerts, via notifications to your phone. Starting this fall, Guard will begin supporting a new Smart Alert that can notify customers if the sound of activity like footsteps, talking, coughing, or a door closing, is detected while Guard is in Away mode. Customers can also create Alexa Routines that include Guard to provide even more peace of mind and convenience: set Guard to Away mode, lock the back door, and turn on the porch light with a simple phrase like “Alexa, I’m headed out.” And, Amazon will add additional support for Guard integrations with home security systems from Abode and Scout Alarm. Alexa will soon make managing WiFi access for family members easier than ever. Instead of unlocking their phone and using an app, customers can use their voice and ask Alexa to pause WiFi access for the family when dinner is ready and unpause access once the dishes are done. Alexa will also help customers manage WiFi access for a single device, or groups of devices, so access for individual family members can be paused quickly and simply. For added convenience, Alexa will also help customers schedule specific WiFi access times, and even turn on or off guest WiFi access with a simple voice command. Alexa customers can use their voice to manage WiFi access on compatible eero, ASUS, Linksys, and TP-Link routers starting this fall. Later this year, Alexa will let customers know when supplies used by some of their favorite smart home devices are running low or need to be replaced. For example, Alexa will notify customers when air filters need to be replaced, batteries in a smart lock need to be swapped out, or ink cartridges for a printer are running low. Customers will receive a notification from Alexa when it’s time to reorder, or they can set up smart reordering so that supplies are automatically reordered before they run out. These features will soon be available for customers to conveniently replace batteries for smart locks, security sensors, smart lights, and smart home cameras from August, Blink, Ring, Schlage, and Yale, air filters for Coway air purifiers, and more. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Introduces Counter in the U.S. – Where Customers Can Pick Up Their Package and Shop Too Available today at more than a hundred Rite Aid stores in the U.S., and growing to over 1,500 by year’s end, Counter enables quick and easy pickup of packages Over time, the Counter network will expand to thousands of other locations through additional partnerships with retailers, convenience stores and small businesses across the U.S. SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jun. 27, 2019-- Amazon today announced the U.S. launch of Counter, a new network of staffed pickup points that gives customers the option to pick up their Amazon packages in-store at a partner location. Starting today, customers will have access to more than a hundred Counter locations across the U.S., with thousands of additional locations coming soon. Delivery to a Counter location is available for the tens of millions of items sold on Amazon.com and works with Same-Day, One-Day, Two-Day and Standard Shipping. The service is available to all customers at no extra cost. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190627005202/en/ Amazon designed and built the technology for Counter from the ground up, resulting in a quick and simple package pickup experience for customers. For store partners, Counter’s straightforward pickup flow and user-friendly technology helps ensure store associates can serve customers without disrupting their daily activities. Counter originally launched in the UK with NEXT and in Italy with Giunti Al Punto Librerie, Fermopoint and SisalPay stores. The service has been positively received, driving strong customer engagement and additional foot traffic for partners. Counter goes live today in more than a hundred Rite Aid stores across the U.S. By the end of the year, the service will roll out across 1,500 Rite Aid locations —from Oyster Bay, N.Y., to Chula Vista, Calif.Amazon is actively looking to bring additional partners onboard, including small to midsize businesses and other large chains. “Amazon is always looking for innovative and convenient ways for customers to ship and receive their orders,” explains Patrick Supanc, Worldwide Director of Amazon Hub. “With Counter, we’ve leveraged our growing logistics network and invested in new, easy to use technology to give customers yet another delivery option rooted in flexibility and control. We are excited to partner with national businesses like Rite Aid, and local businesses in the future, to create an outstanding experience for our shared customers.” “Creating a seamless, convenient customer experience is a key element of our strategy and digital transformation,” said Jocelyn Konrad, Executive Vice President, Pharmacy and Retail Operations of Rite Aid. “Being the first store partner for Counter in the U.S. is a differentiator for Rite Aid and we believe our partnership with Amazon, that includes Locker, creates a stronger in-store experience for existing customers and new customers that come in to pick up their packages.” Shipping to a Counter pickup point is easy and secure. After shopping on Amazon.com, customers proceed to checkout and select one of the Counter pickup points available in their zip code as their delivery location. As soon as their package arrives at the store, customers receive an e-mail notification with a unique barcode as well as a reminder of the address and the business hours of their selected store. At the store, customers provide the barcode to store staff, who will scan it, retrieve the package, and hand it to the customer. Customers have 14 days to collect their package. To download high resolution images of Counter and b-roll video of a customer experiencing the service, visit: https://press.aboutamazon.com/images-videos. Counter is part of the Amazon Hub family, which includes Locker, Locker+ and Apartment Locker, designed to bring the ultimate convenience to customers via pickup and return points. Locker is available in more than 900 cities and towns across the U.S., offering an alternative, secure, and convenient delivery option available at no additional cost. Locker+ locations are secure and convenient locations in neighborhoods, cities and campuses across the U.S., staffed with helpful associates and self-serve kiosks. For apartment buildings, Apartment Locker gives residents an opportunity to receive all their packages —from Amazon and beyond —safely, securely, and at a time of their choosing. For more information on Counter, or to find a location near you, visit amazon.com/Counter. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
The Amazon Literary Partnership awards more than in funding to 66 nonprofits dedicated to serving writers and announces a new Poetry Fund in collaboration with the Academy of American Poets and a Literary Magazine Fund with the Community of Literary Magazines and Presses Since 2009, the Amazon Literary Partnership has awarded more than in grant funding to more than 150 literary organizations SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 20, 2019-- (NASDAQ: AMZN)—As part of its decade-long effort to help writers tell their stories and find their readers, the Amazon Literary Partnership today announced over in grant funding to 66 nonprofit literary organizations across the country. The funding will support groups that are working to empower writers, helping them to create, publish, learn, teach, experiment, and thrive. Since 2009, the Amazon Literary Partnership has awarded more than in grant funding to more than 150 literary organizations, with a particular focus on supporting a diversity of voices. Grant recipients include nonprofit writing centers, residencies, fellowships, after-school classes, literary magazines, national organizations supporting storytelling and free speech, and internationally acclaimed publishers of fiction, nonfiction, and poetry. The Amazon Literary Partnership strives to award grants to organizations that have a deep impact on writers’ lives and the broader literary and publishing community. • Over the past five years, organizations supported by the Amazon Literary Partnership have assisted more than 100,000 writers per year, publishing an estimated 3,200 stories and more than 500 books, reaching more than 5 million readers, according to a survey of last year’s grant recipients. • Writers supported by Amazon Literary Partnership grant recipients have won National Book Awards, National Book Critics Circle Awards, MacArthur “Genius” Grants, National Magazine Awards, and more. • Amazon Literary Partnership’s support for the Academy of American Poets’ ‘Poem A Day’ series led to the publication of poems by more than 300 poets from diverse backgrounds reaching half a million readers a day via email and online at Poets.org. • Support for National Novel Writing Month (NaNoWriMo) helped bring in-school and after-school writing classes to 10,000 schools, reaching 100,000 kids across the US. In addition to the 66 grants gifted this year, the Amazon Literary Partnership has awarded two grants to the Academy of American Poets and the Community of Literary Presses and Magazines (CLMP) to create a new Poetry Fund and Literary Magazine Fund for poetry organizations and literary magazines. Both funds will support more than a dozen organizations and will be announced by the Academy of American Poets and CLMP. “We’re extremely grateful for the opportunity to work with the Amazon Literary Partnership to support poetry organizations, especially as poetry in the US is having a heyday with more readers today than in the past fifteen years,” said Jennifer Benka, Executive Director, the Academy of American Poets. “This boon has been exciting to see, but it's also meant that poetry organizations need more assistance. We appreciate that the Amazon Literary Partnership program was quick to recognize this and respond.” “For over 50 years, CLMP has been dedicated to sustaining the health and extending the reach of the nation’s literary magazines. Often the first places writers find their readers, these publications are essential to the publishing ecosystem, providing fertile ground for diverse voices to thrive,” said Mary Gannon, Executive Director, the Community of Literary Magazines and Presses. “CLMP is honored to lend its expertise to the Amazon Literary Partnership's ongoing financial support of these underserved and uniquely vulnerable publishers.” “The Amazon Literary Partnership’s goal has been to support organizations that are vital to sustaining the literary culture of their communities,” said Neal Thompson, Manager of the Amazon Literary Partnership. “By funding organizations working to uplift the voices of underrepresented writers, we hope to champion the writers of the world we live in now. We are also thrilled to be working with the Academy of American Poets and CLMP to reach organizations committed to supporting poets and upcoming writers.” This year’s grant recipients include a wide range of organizations striving to amplify diverse voices, including Coffee House Press in Minneapolis, Hugo House in Seattle, and New York-based organizations such as Words Without Borders, Kundiman, Girls Write Now, and The Center for Black Literature. Many of this year’s recipients work on behalf of overlooked or marginalized writers, such as Lambda Literary’s Writers Retreat for Emerging LGBTQ Voices in Los Angeles, and workshops for African American writers at the Zora Neale Hurston/Richard Wright Foundation in Washington, D.C. “We are thrilled to be among the organizations to receive support from the Amazon Literary Partnership again this year,” said Karen M. Phillips, Executive Director, Words Without Borders. “This grant will help us to provide an English-language platform for vital and diverse writers from Oman, the Philippines, Cape Verde, Algeria and elsewhere, engaging readers in a global literary conversation.” “Amazon's investment in Lambda Literary's Emerging Writers Retreat ensures that the next generation of LGBTQ writers get the support they need and deserve to bring their vital stories into the world” said Sue Landers, Executive Director of Lambda. “5 Under 35 does the crucial work of identifying and elevating major new talent, often introducing a diverse, engaging slate of writers for the first time to a wide audience,” said Lisa Lucas, Executive Director of the National Book Foundation. “Without the generous, ongoing support of the Amazon Literary Partnership, 5 Under 35 simply wouldn’t be possible given the current funding landscape for the literary arts. ALP is fundamental to the work of so many national literary organizations that salute, celebrate, and nurture both readers and writers, which is essential to developing a more diverse literary landscape, strengthening access to books and great writing, and deepening all of our understanding of the world through the lens of literary art.” To learn more about the Amazon Literary Partnership and Amazon in the Community visit https://www.aboutamazon.com/our-communities. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon will invest over to provide upskilling training programs for one in three of its employees across the U.S. Programs will help Amazonians from all backgrounds access training to move into highly skilled technical and non-technical roles across the company’s corporate offices, tech hubs, fulfillment centers, retail stores, and transportation network, or pursue career paths outside of Amazon Based on a review of its workforce and analysis of U.S. hiring, Amazon’s fastest growing highly skilled jobs over the last five years include data mapping specialist, data scientist, solutions architect and business analyst, as well as logistics coordinator, process improvement manager and transportation specialist within our customer fulfillment network Employee upskilling investment builds on Amazon’s minimum wage and comprehensive benefits including medical insurance, 401k savings plan, and generous parental leave SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 11, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today pledged to upskill 100,000 of its employees across the United States, dedicating over to provide people across its corporate offices, tech hubs, fulfillment centers, retail stores, and transportation network with access to training programs that will help them move into more highly skilled roles within or outside of Amazon. Amazon’s Upskilling 2025 pledge invests in a range of new upskilling programs to serve employees from all backgrounds and Amazon locations. Programs include Amazon Technical Academy, which equips non-technical Amazon employees with the essential skills to transition into, and thrive in, software engineering careers; Associate2Tech, which trains fulfillment center associates to move into technical roles regardless of their previous IT experience; Machine Learning University, offering employees with technical backgrounds the opportunity to access machine learning skills via an on-site training program; AmazonCareer Choice, a pre-paid tuition program designed to train fulfillment center associates in high-demand occupations of their choice; Amazon Apprenticeship, a Department of Labor certified program that offers paid intensive classroom training and on-the-job apprenticeships with Amazon; and AWS Training and Certification,which provide employees with courses to build practical AWS Cloud knowledge that is essential to operating in a technical field. “Through our continued investment in local communities in more than 40 states across the country, we have created tens of thousands of jobs in the U.S. in the past year alone,” said Beth Galetti, Senior Vice President, HR. “For us, creating these opportunities is just the beginning. While many of our employees want to build their careers here, for others it might be a stepping stone to different aspirations. We think it’s important to invest in our employees, and to help them gain new skills and create more professional options for themselves. With this pledge, we’re committing to support 100,000 Amazonians in getting the skills to make the next step in their careers.” The upskilling programs are built by Amazonians, around insights provided by Amazon’s fast-growing workforce – which will reach 300,000 employees in the U.S. this year – and experts in the changing jobs landscape. Based on a review of the company’s jobs and analysis of hiring data from its U.S. workforce, Amazon’s fastest growing highly skilled jobs over the last five years are data mapping specialist (832% growth), data scientist (505%), solutions architect (454%), security engineer (229%) and business analyst (160%). Within customer fulfillment, highly skilled roles have increased over 400%, including jobs like logistics coordinator, process improvement manager and transportation specialist within our customer fulfillment network. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS), there are now more job openings (7.4 million) than there are unemployed Americans (6 million). In looking at job growth over the next decade, the BLS anticipates some of the fastest growing job areas are increasingly in more skilled areas, including medical assistants, statisticians, software developers, nurse practitioners, and wind turbine service technicians. This provides a huge opportunity for individuals who build additional skills to move into better paying jobs. Through its Upskilling 2025 pledge, Amazon is focused on creating pathways to careers in areas that will continue growing in years to come, including healthcare, machine learning, manufacturing, robotics, computer science, cloud computing, and more. “The future of work is now and the challenge is not just adapting to new technologies, but adapting to the dynamism of the economy, which will only accelerate,” said Jason Tyszko, Vice President at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation. “Amazon is demonstrating the new role employers must play to counter that challenge, fostering a new relationship with workers where maintaining and growing their skills is an imperative for business success.” As part of Upskilling 2025, Amazon is announcing new training opportunities and building on existing programs for employees across the U.S., including: • Launching Amazon Technical Academy, a training and job placement program that equips non-technical Amazon employees with the essential skills to transition into, and thrive in, software engineering careers. Combining instructor-led, project-based learning with real-world application, graduates of the program master the most widely used software engineering practices and tools required to thrive into a career at Amazon. This tuition-free program was created by Amazon software engineers for Amazon employees who want to move into the field. Find out more here. • Launching Associate2Tech, a program that provides fulfillment center associates the opportunity to move into technical roles, regardless of their previous IT experience, within Amazon’s vast operations network. This fully-paid 90 day program is designed to place associates in on-the-job training for IT support technician roles and pays for their A+ Certification test, a widely recognized certification. No existing degree is needed, and participants have paid study time during their work week. Learn more here • Launching Machine Learning University (MLU), an initiative that helps Amazonians with a background in technology and coding gain skills in Machine Learning. As machine learning plays an increasingly important role in customer innovation, MLU helps employees learn core skills to propel their career growth – skills that are often taught only in higher education. Divided into six-week modules, the program requires only half to one full day of participation a week. MLU is taught by more than 400 Amazon Machine Learning scientists who are passionate about furthering skills in the field. Originally launched as a small cohort, the program is on course to train thousands of employees. • Growing Career Choice, Amazon’s pre-paid tuition program for fulfillment center associates looking to move into high-demand occupations. Amazon will pay up to 95% of tuition and fees towards a certificate or diploma in qualified fields of study, leading to in-demand jobs. Since launching Career Choice in 2012, over 25,000 Amazonians have received training for high-demand occupations including aircraft mechanics, computer-aided design, machine tool technologies, medical lab technologies, and nursing. The company is investing in expanding the program by building additional classrooms in its fulfillment centers globally, and expects to have over 60 on-site classrooms by the end of 2020. • Expanding Amazon Apprenticeship, a Department of Labor certified program that offers paid intensive classroom training and on-the-job apprenticeships with Amazon. Providing a combination of immersive learning and on-the-job training, the Amazon Apprenticeship program has already created paths to technical jobs for hundreds of candidates working to break into careers including cloud support associate, data technician and software development engineer. • Expanding AWS Training and Certification to close the cloud skills gap in the industry. Amazon employees have access to free classroom and digital training to build cloud knowledge, and discounted AWS Certification exams to validate cloud expertise. Cultivating these in-demand skills opens opportunities both within Amazon and in organizations around the world as demand for cloud talent continues to grow. This pledge furthers Amazon’s commitment to supporting its employees. Last year, Amazon raised its minimum wage to for all U.S. employees, adding to the suite of industry-leading benefits offered by the company, including comprehensive healthcare (medical, dental and vision coverage), up to 20 weeks of paid parental leave, 401(k) matching, and more. To learn more about Amazon’s upskilling efforts visit www.aboutamazon.com/upskilling. With more than 630,000 employees worldwide, Amazon has been recognized on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list for the past four years, ranked #2 in the Fortune 2017 and 2018 World’s Most Admired Companies, and ranked #5 in Fast Company's 2018 World’s Most Innovative Companies. The company also receives a perfect score from the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Publishes 2019 SMB Impact Report; Launches “Build Your Business with Amazon” Website to Help Businesses, Authors, and Developers Succeed with Support from Amazon More than 1.9 million small and medium-sized businesses, content creators, and developers in the U.S. are currently working with Amazon Small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores have created an estimated 1.6 million jobs worldwide, up from 900,000 in 2017 Thousands of independent authors earned more than , with more than a thousand surpassing in 2018 royalties Amazon gave more than in AWS credits in 2018 to help startups accelerate their growth and development New “Build Your Business with Amazon” website gives small and medium-sized businesses, content creators, and developers a one-stop destination to start or grow a business with Amazon SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 7, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) today published the 2019 SMB Impact Report highlighting how the company benefits the millions of small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs), content creators, and developers in the U.S. and worldwide working with Amazon. SMBs are growing their businesses with Amazon by selling in Amazon’s stores, publishing via Kindle Direct Publishing, using Amazon Web Services, as well as operating as a delivery service provider and building Alexa skills and devices. This year’s report revealed findings from across Amazon’s businesses, including: More than 1.9 million SMBs, content creators, and developers in the U.S. are currently working with Amazon; SMBs selling in Amazon’s stores have created an estimated 1.6 million jobs worldwide, up from 900,000 in 2017; thousands of independent authors earned more than , with more than a thousand surpassing in royalties in 2018; Amazon gave more than in AWS credits to help startups accelerate their growth and development in 2018. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190507005381/en/ “Amazon’s mission is to be Earth’s most customer-centric company. Among the customers we’re focused on are small businesses and entrepreneurs. As we work to help them grow their businesses, we are making big investments: in our delivery network, data centers, AI research, robotics. Since 2011, we’ve invested tens of billions to help SMBs succeed working with Amazon,” said Jeff Wilke, CEO, Amazon Worldwide Consumer. “Amazon is inspired by the type of courage and inventiveness that makes entrepreneurs tick. And our customers benefit from the products, books, videos and skills they produce. We salute the millions of entrepreneurs, creators, and developers around the world whose impressive efforts are summarized in this report.” Amazon empowers small and medium-sized businesses to succeed in the digital economy – selling their products online, starting their own company to deliver packages to Amazon customers, leveraging cloud services to quickly launch and grow their businesses, building Alexa skills to reach customers, and even publishing their own books. The 2019 Amazon SMB Impact Report findings included: SMBs selling in Amazon’s stores in the U.S. and worldwide are growing • Third-party gross physical merchandise sales – primarily comprised of SMBs selling in Amazon’s stores – surpassed in 2018 and make up more than half of the units sold in Amazon’s stores. • In 2018, the number of SMBs eclipsing in sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide grew by 20 percent. • On average in 2018, U.S.-based SMBs sold more than 4,000 items per minute in Amazon’s stores and earned more than . • In 2018, Amazon lent U.S.-based SMBs more than to build inventory and support their Amazon stores. Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP) is enabling authors to publish and distribute their books to millions of readers around the world • In 2018, authors earned more than from the Kindle Direct Publishing Select Global Fund, totaling more than since the launch of Kindle Unlimited. • Since launch in 2007, hundreds of thousands of authors from around the world have self-published millions of books through KDP. Amazon Web Services (AWS) is helping hundreds of thousands of SMBs and startups launch and scale their businesses • Tens of thousands of startups take advantage of specifically tailored programs providing the resources they need to quickly get started on AWS – including credits, training, and support. • In 2018, Amazon gave more than in AWS credits to help startups accelerate their growth and development as they build their business. Builders and developers are shaping the future of Alexa • Third-party developers have built more than 90,000 Alexa skills. • More than 90 percent of the Alexa-enabled products that launched in 2018 were built by someone other than Amazon. • The Alexa Fund has invested in more than 60 companies building with Alexa, and launched programs like the Alexa Accelerator and Alexa Fellowship to provide additional support to early-stage startups working with voice and AI. To help support SMBs, content creators, and developers that are interested in working with Amazon, the new “Build Your Business with Amazon” website provides information on how to achieve success with help from Amazon. The company launched the new website to give businesses, entrepreneurs, authors, and developers a one-stop destination that curates many of the opportunities available to start or grow a business with Amazon. Visitors to the site will learn how to open a store with Amazon and sell products to millions of customers worldwide, earn referral fees by spreading the word about those products, and work independently delivering Amazon packages to customers. Developers can learn how to earn money building apps and skills for AWS and Alexa, while authors can find access to self-publish their own books or movies directly to customers. Gamers can even earn money while playing Zelda with Twitch. Visit the new “Build Your Business with Amazon” website to learn more. To learn more about the millions of SMBs, content creators, and developers worldwide working with Amazon and view the full 2019 Amazon SMB Impact Report, visit: aboutamazon.com/smallbusiness. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Raises Minimum Wage to $15 for All U.S. Employees, Including Full-Time, Part-Time, Temporary, and Seasonal New minimum wage is effective beginning this November 1 More than 250,000 Amazon employees, as well as more than 100,000 seasonal holiday employees, and their families will benefit from the new, higher pay SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 2, 2018-- NASDAQ:AMZN — Amazon today announced it is increasing its minimum wage to for all full-time, part-time, temporary (including those hired by agencies), and seasonal employees across the U.S.—effective November 1. The new Amazon minimum wage will benefit more than 250,000 Amazon employees, as well as over 100,000 seasonal employees who will be hired at Amazon sites across the country this holiday. “We listened to our critics, thought hard about what we wanted to do, and decided we want to lead,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon Founder and CEO. “We’re excited about this change and encourage our competitors and other large employers to join us.” Amazon’s public policy team will also begin advocating for an increase in the federal minimum wage. “We will be working to gain Congressional support for an increase in the federal minimum wage. The current rate of was set nearly a decade ago,” said Jay Carney, Senior Vice President of Amazon Global Corporate Affairs. “We intend to advocate for a minimum wage increase that will have a profound impact on the lives of tens of millions of people and families across this country.” • Up to 20 weeks of paid parental leave • Career Choice, which pre-pays 95% of associates’ tuition for courses in high-demand fields, whether those jobs are at Amazon or another company • Career Skills, which trains hourly associates in critical job skills like resume writing, how to communicate effectively, and computer basics With more than 575,000 employees worldwide, Amazon was named #1 on LinkedIn’s 2018 Top Companies list, ranks #1 on The Harris Poll’s Corporate Reputation survey, and #2 in Fortune’s World Most Admired Companies. To learn more about working at Amazon, click here. To find out more about the new Amazon minimum wage, click here. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Stores Helping Build the Future of Business: More than 50,000 Small and Medium-sized Businesses Exceeded $500,000 in Sales in Amazon’s Stores in 2018 Third-party sales are growing at a faster rate than first-party sales in Amazon’s stores More than half of units sold in Amazon’s stores are from small and medium-sized businesses Small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores are estimated to have created more than 900,000 jobs worldwide SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 18, 2019-- (NASDAQ: AMZN) – Amazon today announced that more than 50,000 small and medium-sized businesses exceeded in sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide, and nearly 200,000 surpassed in sales in our stores. The number of small and medium-sized businesses eclipsing in sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide grew by 20 percent in 2018. Millions of small and medium-sized businesses from around the world are selling in Amazon’s stores and more than a million of them are based in the U.S. Small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores come from every state in the U.S., and from more than 130 different countries around the world. “This year growth of small and medium-sized businesses in our stores enabled business owners to create new products, provide greater selection to customers, and reinvest in their local communities through job creation,” said Nick Denissen, Vice President for Amazon. “Since we opened our shelves to third-party sellers in 2001, small and medium-sized businesses have been an integral part of Amazon’s DNA. Our guiding star is an obsession with customers, and the service we’ve built is more powerful because we have small and medium-sized businesses complementing and competing with our retail business.” Third-party sales are growing at a faster rate than first-party sales on Amazon and across retailers in the U.S. During the 2018 holiday season, Amazon reported that sales by small and medium-sized businesses outpaced its retail business sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide. “Selling on Amazon has been huge for Yedi Houseware,” said Bobby Djavaheri, Director of Sales & Development, Yedi Houseware. “Since we began listing products on Amazon 12 years ago, our business has skyrocketed and we now have 12 fulltime employees and plan to hire more this year. Amazon allows us to reach new customers across the U.S. and even worldwide, which enabled our business to grow 126% just last year!” • Nearly 200,000 small and medium-sized businesses sold more than in Amazon’s stores in 2018. • More than 50,000 small and medium-sized businesses exceeded in sales in our stores in 2018. • The number of small and medium-sized businesses eclipsing in sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide grew by 20 percent in 2018. • Small and medium-sized businesses in the U.S. using Fulfillment by Amazon more than doubled their export sales. • More than half of units sold in Amazon’s stores are from small and medium-sized businesses. • Small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores exceeded in sales during the Prime Day event. • Amazon Storefronts launched, featuring more than 1 million products from 20,000 U.S. small and medium-sized businesses. In 2018, Amazon introduced the Small Business Impact Report. According to the report, small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores are estimated to have created more than 900,000 jobs worldwide. To view the report, visit: www.amazon.com/SMBreport. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Centralized backup service makes it easier and more cost-effective for customers to automate backups of their data and meet business and regulatory requirements State Street Corporation, Smile Brands, and Rackspace among companies using AWS Backup SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 16, 2019-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced AWS Backup, a fully-managed, centralized backup service that makes it faster and simpler for customers to back up their data across AWS services and on-premises, helping customers more easily meet their business and regulatory backup compliance requirements. AWS Backup makes protecting storage volumes, databases, and file systems easier by giving customers a single service to configure and audit the AWS resources they backup, automate backup scheduling, set retention policies, and monitor recent backups and restores in one place. To get started with AWS Backup visit: aws.amazon.com/backup. As enterprises move more and more applications to the cloud, their data can become distributed across multiple services, including databases, block storage, object storage, and file systems. While these services in AWS provide backup capabilities, customers often create custom scripts to automate scheduling, enforce retention policies, and consolidate backup activity across several services in order to better meet their business and regulatory compliance requirements. AWS Backup removes the need for custom solutions or manual processes by providing a centralized place to manage backups across AWS. With just a few clicks in the AWS Management Console, customers can create a policy that defines how frequently backups are created and how long they are stored. Customers can then assign these policies to their AWS resources, and AWS Backup automatically handles the rest by automatically scheduling backup actions for the assigned AWS resources, orchestrating across AWS services, and managing their retention period. “As the cloud has become the default choice for customers of all sizes, it has attracted two distinct types of builders. Some are tinkerers who want to tweak and fine tune the full range of AWS services into a desired architecture, and other builders are drawn to the same breadth and depth of functionality in AWS, but are willing to trade some of the service granularity to start at a higher abstraction layer, so they can build even faster,” said Bill Vass, VP of Storage, Automation, and Management Services, AWS. “We designed AWS Backup for this second type of builder who has told us that they want one place to go for backups versus having to do it across multiple, individual services. Today, we are proud to make AWS Backup available with support for block storage volumes, databases, and file systems, and over time, we plan to support additional AWS services." Initially, AWS Backup is integrated with Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS), Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS), Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS), and AWS Storage Gateway, with support for additional services planned for the future. Customers can also back up on-premises application data through the AWS Backup integration with AWS Storage Gateway, providing a common way to protect their on-premises data in the AWS cloud. State Street Corporation is the world's leading provider of financial services to institutional investors including investment servicing, investment management and investment research, and trading. “We operate in the financial services industry and must provide data storage solutions that ensure the integrity and availability of backup data as stipulated by the FFIEC IT examination handbook,” says Nauman Noor, Managing Director, State Street Corporation. “Meeting these regulations requires us to develop and maintain an internal serverless application to enable timely and auditable backups across the AWS services we use. With AWS Backup’s centralized backup console, we will have a single pane of glass to audit our backup processes across our AWS environment, mitigating the need for custom applications and thus, easing our effort to aid data integrity and availability. The ability to set backup policies for automated backup scheduling and backup retention provides us flexibility to address the needs for varying levels of criticality in a cost effective and consistent manner.” Smile Brands is a leading dental support organization that provides business support services to over 400 locations across 17 states. “We manage thousands of AWS resources, such as storage volumes and databases, and all of them must meet compliance according to HIPAA backup requirements,” says George Suda, Senior VP and Chief Information Officer, Smile Brands. “Ensuring that all our AWS workloads are properly backed up can require manual processes and custom scripts. With AWS Backup’s centralized backup console, we will be able to define a backup policy that meets our compliance requirements and apply the same policy to all our AWS resources across the various AWS services that we use. AWS Backup will automatically handle the backup processes on our behalf, providing a full-managed and cost-effective solution that removes the need for manual processes or custom scripts.” Rackspace delivers modern IT as a service, helping customers in more than 150 countries drive business results with technology. “Rackspace is focused on delivering next generation cloud services to help our customers meet their data protection and regulatory compliance needs,” said Prashanth Chandrasekar, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Managed Public Clouds at Rackspace. “With AWS Backup, we now have access to a cloud-scale, centralized backup solution to help automate, manage, and monitor data protection for customers. We believe AWS Backup will also provide customers greater operational efficiency, allowing us to simplify the process for supporting our customers’ auditing and compliance requirements.” For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 60 Availability Zones (AZs) within 20 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 4, 2019-- Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) today announced that on November 5, 2019 (the “Redemption Date”) it will redeem all aggregate principal amount of its outstanding 2.600% Notes due December 5, 2019 (CUSIP No. 023135 AL0) (the “Notes”). The Notes will be redeemed on the Redemption Date at a redemption price equal to the sum of 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the Redemption Date. On and after the Redemption Date, interest will cease to accrue on the Notes and the Notes will cease to be outstanding. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. This press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance, industry prospects, or future results of operations or financial position, made in this press release are forward-looking. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management’s current expectations and are inherently uncertain. Actual results could differ materially for a variety of reasons, including, among others, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic conditions and customer spending, world events, the rate of growth of the Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, the amount that Amazon invests in new business opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales derived from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management of growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of inventory management, seasonality, the degree to which we enter into, maintain, and develop commercial agreements, proposed and completed acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of fulfillment throughput and productivity. In addition, the current global economic climate amplifies many of these risks. These risks and uncertainties, as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from management’s expectations, are described in greater detail in Amazon’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures we make in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC.
Amazon MSK provides a fully managed, highly available, secure, and compatible service for Apache Kafka Vonage, Secureworks, Poshmark, Nutmeg, and Compass are among customers and partners using Amazon MSK SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2019-- Today, Amazon Web Services Inc., an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced the general availability of Amazon MSK, a fully managed service for Apache Kafka that makes it easy for developers to build and run highly available, secure, and scalable applications based on Apache Kafka without having to worry about managing the underlying infrastructure. Amazon MSK is fully compatible with Apache Kafka, enabling customers to easily migrate their on-premises or Amazon Elastic Cloud Compute (Amazon EC2) clusters to Amazon MSK with no code changes. There are no commitments or upfront investment required to run Amazon MSK, and customers only pay for the capacity they use. To get started with Amazon MSK visit https://aws.amazon.com/msk. Customers use Apache Kafka to capture and analyze real-time data streams from a range of sources, including IoT devices, website clickstreams, financial systems, and database logs. While many customers chose to self-manage their Apache Kafka clusters, they often spend a lot of time and expense securing, scaling, patching, and ensuring high availability for Apache Kafka and Apache ZooKeeper clusters, which Apache Kafka depends on for resource management. Amazon MSK gives customers all of the attributes of Apache Kafka combined with the availability, security, and scalability of AWS. With just a few clicks, customers can create Apache Kafka clusters designed for high availability that span multiple Availability Zones (AZs). Amazon MSK continuously monitors underlying server health, automatically replacing servers when they fail and patching servers in need of updates. Amazon MSK also runs highly available Apache ZooKeeper nodes at no additional cost. Amazon MSK provides multiple levels of security for Apache Kafka clusters, including VPC network isolation, AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) for AWS Application Programming Interface (API) authorization, encryption at rest, encryption in-transit, TLS based certificate authentication, and authorization using Apache Kafka access control lists (ACLs). Customers can easily scale out cluster storage with a few clicks in the AWS management console to meet changes in demand. Amazon MSK is fully compatible with Apache Kafka, allowing customers to continue to run applications built on Apache Kafka, use Apache Kafka compatible tools and frameworks, and take advantage of new Apache Kafka innovations, without having to change their code. "Customers who are running Apache Kafka have told us they want to spend less time managing infrastructure and more time building applications based on real-time streaming data,” said Rajesh Sheth, General Manager of Amazon MSK, AWS. “Amazon MSK gives these customers the ability to run Apache Kafka without having to worry about managing the underlying hardware, and it gives them an easy way to integrate their Apache Kafka applications with other AWS services. With Amazon MSK, customers can stand up Apache Kafka clusters in minutes instead of weeks, so they can spend more time focusing on the applications that impact their businesses.” Customers start by creating a cluster in Amazon MSK today using the AWS Console or the AWS CLI, and Apache Kafka clients can connect to a cluster using Apache Kafka’s open-source APIs. Amazon MSK is available in the US East (N. Virginia), US East (Ohio), US West (Oregon), EU (Ireland), EU (London), EU (Frankfurt), EU (Paris), Asia Pacific (Tokyo), Asia Pacific (Singapore), and Asia Pacific (Sydney), and will expand to additional AWS Regions in the coming year. Vonage is a global business cloud communications leader providing integrated communications solutions that improve how business gets done by enhancing a company’s customer and employee experience. Vonage uses Apache Kafka for real-time communication between various micro-services. “By using Amazon MSK, we reduced our maintenance overhead and built a micro-services-based platform that enables businesses to collaborate more productively and engage their customers more effectively,” said Venkatesh Ennala, a software engineer with Vonage. “We can now set up new Kafka clusters more quickly and scale these clusters as our demands increase. Amazon MSK has removed the complexity of set up and maintenance, allowing us to focus on what’s most important - building innovative new capabilities for our customers.” Secureworks (NASDAQ: SCWX) is a technology-driven cybersecurity leader that protects organizations in the digitally connected world. “When developing and launching our security analytics application, Secureworks chose Amazon MSK service to accelerate time to market and reduce infrastructure and management overhead,” said Wendy Thomas, Senior Vice President of Business and Product Strategy at Secureworks. “This allowed us to focus on innovation and our unique differentiators, helping protect our customers from cyber threats.” Poshmark is a leading social commerce platform for the next generation of retailers and shoppers. “Through technology, our mission is to build the world’s most connected shopping experience, while empowering people to build thriving retail businesses. Amazon MSK has made it easy to setup, maintain and scale Kafka clusters, enabling an end-to-end data ingestion pipeline supported by a fully-managed service,” said Mahesh Pasupuleti, Senior Director of Data Engineering at Poshmark. “As our demands increase, we feel confident that we will be able to scale at ease and expand our streaming ingestion pipelines for data enrichment and real-time machine learning, providing an enhanced experience for our customers.” Nutmeg is Europe’s largest digital wealth manager, helping consumers to grow their wealth and reach their financial goals by using cost effective technology to boost returns. Nutmeg uses Apache Kafka to underpin their journey towards an event driven architecture. “Since adopting Amazon MSK, we’ve been able to significantly increase the efficiency of our teams and reduce time spent maintaining our cluster,” said Matt Gatrell, CTO of Nutmeg. “As our data requirements and use cases grew, we started to experience considerable overhead and complexity in managing our Kafka clusters. Amazon MSK has allowed us to manage our clusters with confidence, spend less time verifying the performance of the clusters, scale with ease, and focus more time on innovating and building exciting real-time applications.” Compass is a real estate technology company with a powerful end-to-end platform that supports the entire buying and selling workflow. Compass uses Apache Kafka to provide its agents with quick access to fresh and accurate data from hundreds of real estate data sources nationwide. “Streaming technology is an important part of what we do as a business, but managing streaming technology involves a lot of heavy lifting by our software developers,” said Joseph Sirosh, CTO of Compass. “Amazon MSK has allowed us to eliminate a lot of this heavy lifting. By using Amazon MSK we no longer need to spend effort on ensuring data durability, cluster availability, and scalability, and can now focus on building applications. Amazon MSK relieves our team from the burden of operating and maintaining Kafka and at the same time, we experience less downtime as our clusters are fully-managed.” For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 66 Availability Zones (AZs) within 21 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. Millions of customer—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
One of the largest banking groups in the Middle East to accelerate digital innovation using AWS’s breadth and depth of functionality to build personalized retail banking experience for customers SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 28, 2019-- Today, Amazon Web Services (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that Emirates NBD, a leading bank in the Middle East, is collaborating with AWS to create a culture of innovation within the bank and is using AWS machine learning (ML) services to build a personalized retail customer banking experience. Emirates NBD will also utilize AWS data analytics, Internet of Things (IoT), Natural Language Processing (NLP), and other advanced technologies as part of its ongoing efforts to better engage with customers and simplify banking. A front-runner in retail banking innovation, Emirates NBD is working with AWS because of its broad and deep portfolio of cloud services and the increased security and control Emirates NBD can achieve in the cloud, and is continuing to invest in AWS as its preferred provider for machine learning workloads. With AWS, Emirates NBD will take further advantage of AWS artificial intelligence and machine learning services including Amazon SageMaker, a fully managed machine learning service for building, training, and deploying machine learning models to provide relevant real-time banking experiences. To create a more rewarding and customer-centric banking experience, Emirates NBD is also leveraging Amazon Personalize, an AWS machine learning service that enables the development of individualized recommendations to launch new personalized retail banking applications. One of the first of these applications is a personal finance manager that uses an automated, self-learning system to deliver a highly personalized banking experience to customers in order to predict what each individual customer needs and match this with the most appropriate solution. The system also utilizes Natural Language Processing technology so customers can interact with call center automation in a more natural way. To support this work, Emirates NBD is using Amazon Polly, a cloud service that uses advanced deep learning technologies to convert written content into human-like speech, in its automated call center to further enhance customer interactions by delivering lifelike voice banking experiences. As part of Emirates NBD’s journey with AWS, it is also exploring how to better serve customers at bank branches with convenient and secure authentication, leveraging AWS’s image recognition and IoT solutions. “Our vision is to be the Middle East’s most innovative financial services organization and to achieve this we have chosen to work with the world’s most innovative technology company, Amazon Web Services,” said Suvo Sarkar, Senior Executive Vice President and Group Head - Retail Banking & Wealth Management at Emirates NBD. “Emirates NBD and Amazon share common values of innovation and customer centricity and we look forward to leveraging AWS’s technologies and innovation practices to make banking more easy and intuitive for our customers.” “Across every industry, companies are starting to meaningfully use machine learning in their businesses, and AWS offers the broadest and deepest portfolio of machine learning services to help them solve some of their biggest challenges. We are excited to see how these technologies are helping transform the financial services industry in the Middle East and around the world,” said Andy Isherwood, Managing Director, Amazon Web Services EMEA. “Emirates NBD is one of the most valued and innovative financial institutions in the Middle East, and we look forward to continuing to support them as they embark on a journey to transform how they serve their retail banking customers and build their organization into a bank of the future.” For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 66 Availability Zones (AZs) within 21 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Emirates NBD is a leading banking Group in the region. As at 31st March 2019, total assets were AED 525.8 Billion (equivalent to approx. ). The Group has a significant retail banking franchise in the UAE and is a key participant in the global digital banking industry, with over 90 per cent of all financial transactions and requests conducted outside of its branches. The bank was declared the Most Innovative Financial Services Organization of the Year at the 2017 BAI Global Innovation Awards. The bank currently has 234 branches and 1076 ATMs and SDMs in the UAE and overseas and a large social media following, being the only bank in the Middle East ranked among the top 20 in the ‘Power 100 Social Media Rankings’, compiled by The Financial Brand. It is a major player in the UAE corporate and retail banking arena and has strong Islamic Banking, Global Markets & Treasury, Investment Banking, Private Banking, Asset Management and Brokerage operations. The Group has operations in the UAE, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Egypt, India, Singapore, the United Kingdom and representative offices in China, Indonesia and Turkey. The Group is an active participant and supporter of the UAE’s main development and community initiatives, in close alignment with the UAE government’s strategies, including financial literacy and advocacy for inclusion of People with Disabilities under its #TogetherLimitless platform. Emirates NBD Group is a Premier Partner and the Official Banking Partner for Expo 2020 Dubai. For more information, please visit: www.emiratesnbd.com
Amazon expands its Delivery Service Partner program in the US with a new incentive for current Amazon employees to start a small business owning and operating a package delivery company Amazon commits to funding startup costs, up to , and the equivalent of the former employee’s gross salary for three months to start their own delivery business New initiative continues Amazon’s long-time commitment of empowering employees to pursue career aspirations SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 13, 2019-- (NASDAQ:AMZN) – Amazon announced today the expansion of its Delivery Service Partner program in the US with a new incentive for current Amazon employees to start a small business owning and operating a package delivery company. The new incentive will fund the startup costs, up to , as well as the equivalent of three months of the former employee’s last gross salary so employees-turned-business-owners can more easily get their package delivery companies off the ground. “We received overwhelming interest from tens of thousands of individuals who applied to be part of the Delivery Service Partner program, including many employees,” said Dave Clark, senior vice president of worldwide operations. “We’ve heard from associates that they want to participate in the program but struggled with the transition. Now we have a path for those associates with an appetite for opportunities to own their own businesses.” Amazon will take an active role in helping interested employees launch their own package delivery businesses. An employee will leave their role at Amazon to build their business knowing they will have consistent delivery volume from Amazon, access to the company’s sophisticated delivery technology, hands-on training, and discounts on a suite of assets and services, including Amazon-branded vans customized for delivery, branded uniforms and comprehensive insurance. Amazon’s new incentive will fund the startup costs, up to , for its employees-turned-small business-owners in the US who want to build their own delivery companies. Amazon will also provide financial support with a payment equal to three months of the former employee’s last gross salary while they build their new package delivery business. This program is the latest example of Amazon initiatives aimed at encouraging employees to develop and advance their careers. Across the US, more than 12,000 people have already taken part in Amazon’s Career Choice program where Amazon pre-pays up to 95% of tuition for courses related to in-demand fields, up to , regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since the launch of the Delivery Service Partner program in June 2018, Amazon has enabled the creation of more than 200 new small businesses that have hired thousands of local drivers to deliver packages to Amazon customers. This year, the company plans to add hundreds more new businesses, starting with employees-turned-business-owners. Additionally, this program offering has expanded to employees in the UK and Spain. For those interested in starting their own business delivering Amazon packages, visit logistics.amazon.com to learn more. The 2019 Amazon SMB Impact Report revealed there are more than 1.9 million businesses working with Amazon in the U.S. – selling in our stores, operating a delivery service provider, using Amazon Web Services, running an Alexa Skill, or publishing via Kindle Direct Publishing. Since 2011, Amazon has invested tens of billions to help small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) succeed, and SMBs have created 1.6 million jobs worldwide to support their sales in Amazon’s stores. The company recently launched Build Your Business with Amazon to help businesses interested in working with Amazon get started. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Canada’s leading news brand delivers new experiences for readers and improves operational efficiencies leveraging AWS machine learning and analytics services SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 14, 2019-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that The Globe and Mail, Canada’s most read print/digital newspaper, has selected AWS as its preferred cloud provider and as its standard for artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) workloads. Rapid adoption and experimentation with a range of AWS ML services including Amazon SageMaker, Amazon Comprehend, Amazon Rekognition, and Amazon Textract have helped reporters and editors at The Globe to more effectively find, tell, and promote stories that matter to their audience without the need for manual review, custom code, or machine learning experience. The Globe also uses Amazon Polly, turning readers into listeners by converting text articles to audio in English, French, and Mandarin, including the newly unveiled Amazon Polly Newscaster voices. The Globe runs applications like its popular recommendation engine and its proprietary Sophi predictive analytics platform on AWS. The Sophi platform uses AWS services, including Amazon SageMaker, to unlock value by learning how readers respond to and engage with content. Using machine learning systems trained by news editors, it can predict how valuable a story is likely to be prior to publication. This helps the team identify which stories should go behind a paywall, as well as which content should be promoted, when, where, and for how long. ML is touching every piece of the newspaper from improving staff efficiency, to creating new experiences for customers, to building new lines of business. The Globe is using Amazon SageMaker, a fully managed service that provides every developer and data scientist with the ability to build, train, and deploy machine learning models quickly, to build models to retain existing customers and acquire new ones. “The Globe and Mail is investing heavily in data science and artificial intelligence. From our new audio feature running on Amazon Polly, to the Sophi predictive analytics platform, we are seeing great value in using AWS’s AI and ML services,” said Greg Doufas, Chief Technology and Digital Officer, The Globe and Mail. “The Globe originally built Sophi for its own use, but has since begun offering Sophi as a service to other news organizations. With AWS, we are able to bring our tech experts and editorial leadership together to innovate and bring new ideas to the newsroom to provide great experiences for our readers.” “The Globe has been delivering Canada’s news since 1844, and is known for its focus on being a customer-focused organization that puts the needs of its readers first. As a leader in the industry, it is driven by an understanding that it needs to continue to innovate on behalf of their readers and is setting the tone for what’s possible with the world’s leading cloud,” said Eric Gales, Director of Commercial Sales, Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. “The Globe is an avid user of many of our AI and ML services, as it continues to provide new experiences for their readers to enjoy the award-winning content produced by their editorial staff.” For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 69 Availability Zones (AZs) within 22 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Middle East, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. About The Globe and Mail The Globe and Mail is Canada's foremost news media company, leading the national discussion and causing policy change through brave and independent journalism since 1844. With our award-winning coverage of business, politics and national affairs, we reach 6.8 million readers through our print and digital formats, including Report on Business magazine reaching 1.6 million readers in print and digital every issue. Our investment in innovative data science means that as the world continues to change, so does The Globe. The Globe and Mail is owned by Woodbridge, the investment arm of the Thomson family.
Greater Adoption of Digital Tools in Rural America Could Add $140 Billion to the U.S. Economy by 2021 New research by U.S. Chamber of Commerce commissioned by Amazon shows that increased adoption of online tools and digital services for businesses across rural America could create more than 360,000 jobs in the next three years Increased adoption could grow annual revenues of rural small businesses by 21% over the next three years – the equivalent of per year – with states in the South seeing the greatest benefit Online tools and technology have the highest potential impact on rural small businesses with annual revenue under Report outlines recommendations for the private and public sectors, including expanding education and training programs, helping rural areas attract tech talent, and increasing the availability of high-speed internet access and mobile phone connectivity WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mar. 13, 2019-- A new report by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce commissioned by Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) has revealed that unlocking the digital potential of rural businesses across the U.S. could add over to the U.S. economy over the next three years and create an additional 360,000 full-time jobs in rural communities. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190313005370/en/ There are 37 million working-age adults and 18 million households in the rural U.S. While accounting for close to 15% of the adult population and nearly three-quarters of the country’s land mass, annual revenues of rural businesses represent only 3.7% of total gross revenues in the U.S. economy. Despite some improvement in the adoption of digital tools by rural businesses over the past years, this new research shows how increased use of digital technology in rural America could help drive faster growth in the rural economy. Greater adoption of digital technology over the next three years could grow revenues of rural businesses by each year (+21.0%), with states in the South realizing the greatest benefit. Online tools and technology have the highest potential impact on rural businesses with revenue under , which could see sales growth surge over 28% over three years. “We’ve seen firsthand how rural entrepreneurs can transform their businesses through digital technology, from reaching millions of new customers around the world by selling online, to quickly scaling their startups thanks to affordable access to cloud computing,” said Jeff Wilke, CEO, Worldwide Consumer, Amazon. “Ensuring that small businesses in rural America have good digital skills, are able to attract tech talent, and benefit from fast connectivity will deliver increased economic prosperity in rural communities.” “The opportunity to successfully start and grow a rural small business in our country is a great example of how technology is positively transforming nearly every aspect of our lives,” said Tim Day, senior vice president of C_TEC, the Chamber’s Technology Engagement Center. “Digital tools and technologies allow rural small businesses to compete in a global economy—regardless of their size or location—which is essential to a vibrant U.S. economy.” According to the new research, southern states are among the ones that would benefit the most from increased adoption of online tools and digital services, with rural businesses in West Virginia (+57.6%), Alabama (+32.9%), Mississippi (+32.8%), and Georgia (+31.5%) experiencing some of the largest revenue growths over the next three years. Texas, Ohio, and Mississippi would gain the highest number of new jobs, with the Lone Star state adding an average of 23,400 new jobs per year over the next three years. The report, based on a survey of 5,300 businesses in rural America, outlines a number of recommendations for the public and private sectors to help unlock the unrealized economic potential of rural America, including: • Expand rural business access to digital training and digital tools so they can scale their business. Nearly 41% of respondents agree that policymakers should create programs to incentivize rural businesses to incorporate digital technology into their daily operations. • Increase the talent pipeline of candidates trained in digital skills. 38% of rural small businesses say they can’t hire the talent with the right digital skills in their area. • Increase digital connectivity in rural area. Two-thirds of rural small businesses in America say slow internet or cell phone connectivity has a negative impact on their business. “We have been selling our family-farmed garbanzo beans, peas, lentils, and wheat for five generations, and since joining Amazon we have grown exponentially,” said Sara Mader of Palouse Brands, located in Palouse, WA. “In addition to growing our sales, Amazon has given our small business in rural Washington the opportunity to hire 15 local employees and reach customers all over the world.” Other key findings from the report include: • One-in-five rural businesses are already digital. Nearly 20% of rural small businesses in America generate the vast majority of their revenue (at least 80%) by selling their products and services online. • Technology is boosting rural business revenues. Rural businesses say adoption of digital technologies are important for their future, with 55.2% of them agreeing that e-commerce helps them grow their customer base and a similar percentage (54.6%) confirming that online tools had a positive impact on their revenue in the past three years. • Online services help rural businesses reach customers out of state and overseas. Almost 40% of these small business owners say that digital technology has allowed them to sell beyond their state and 16% of them confirm they are selling internationally due to their access to digital tools. Thirty-three percent sell their products using their own websites, 12.7% use a third-party online sales site, and 35.7% use online marketing, including social media. • Digital tools and technology help purchasing and cut costs. 29% of rural businesses say that online tools reduce purchasing costs of products and materials. To download the full report, including research results and state-specific fact sheets, visit: www.empoweringruralbusinesses.com. About the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and C_TEC The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is the world’s largest business federation representing the interests of more than 3 million businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions, as well as state and local chambers and industry associations. C_TEC promotes the role of technology in our economy and advocates for rational policy solutions that drive economic growth, spur innovation, and create jobs. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
International bestselling and award-winning author Sylvia Day’s first new book since 2016, Butterfly in Frost, coming from Amazon Publishing in August 2019 SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr. 29, 2019-- (NASDAQ: AMZN)—Montlake Romance, an imprint of Amazon Publishing, today announced a new deal with #1 New York Times bestselling author Sylvia Day, and will publish her new book, Butterfly in Frost, on August 27, 2019. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190429005736/en/ Montlake Romance acquired world rights in all languages and formats in the seven-figure deal, and will publish the book in translation via sister imprint Amazon Crossing in France, Germany, Italy, and Spain. Day is represented by Kimberly Whalen, Founder, The Whalen Agency. Montlake Romance Editorial Director Anh Schluep will serve as Day’s editor. Butterfly in Frost will introduce readers to Day’s newest characters, Dr. Teagan Ransom and artist Garrett Frost, as they embark on a passionate journey to find redemption, hope, and ultimately, each other. “Emotional and heartrending, Butterfly in Frost marks a brilliant return by Sylvia Day,” said Mikyla Bruder, Publisher, Amazon Publishing. “We can’t wait to introduce Sylvia’s long-anticipated new book to readers this summer.” “I’m very proud of Butterfly in Frost,” said Sylvia Day. “We can all relate to finding our lives taking a path we hadn’t anticipated, prepared for, or even wanted. This story is ultimately one of renewal. I hope readers are as inspired by Teagan and Garrett’s love story as I am.” Day is a veteran author of over twenty award-winning novels sold in more than forty countries, with a career spanning over a decade. A #1 New York Times, #1 USA Today, and international bestselling author, she is a #1 bestselling author in twenty-eight countries, with tens of millions of copies of her books in print. Her 2012 novel Bared to You spent forty-five weeks on The New York Times trade paperback bestseller list and sixty-seven weeks on the USA Today bestseller list. “We are so pleased to welcome Sylvia Day into the Montlake Romance family,” said Anh Schluep, Editorial Director, Montlake Romance. “Sylvia is a powerhouse author with legions of worldwide fans and we’re excited to bring Butterfly in Frost to them.” Sylvia Day is the #1 New York Times, #1 USA Today, #1 Sunday Times, #1 Globe and Mail, #1 Der Spiegel, and #1 international bestselling author of over twenty award-winning novels sold in forty-two countries. A #1 bestselling author in twenty-eight countries, there are tens of millions of copies of her books in print. Day’s next novel, So Close, will be published by Michael Joseph in the U.K. For more information, visit www.sylviaday.com. Amazon Publishing is a leading publisher of trade fiction, nonfiction, and children’s books with a mission to empower outstanding storytellers and connect them with readers worldwide. The Amazon Publishing teams based in Seattle, New York, Grand Haven, Luxembourg, London, Madrid, Milan and Munich contribute to discovering and publishing emerging, bestselling and critically-acclaimed authors in digital, print and audio formats. For more information, visit www.apub.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
One of Africa’s largest lenders selects AWS to accelerate mass migration, drive digital transformation, and enhance security posture in the cloud SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mar. 27, 2019-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that Standard Bank Group has selected AWS as its preferred cloud provider with the intention of migrating its production workloads, including its customer facing platforms and strategic core banking applications to the cloud. Standard Bank Group will leverage AWS services, including data analytics and machine learning, to automate financial operations and enhance customer facing web and mobile applications. The migration to AWS will take place across all business units, subject to approvals from local regulators, including Personal Banking, Wealth, Corporate Investment Banking, and Insurance, driving a more personalized banking and investment experience for customers. Standard Bank Group chose AWS because of its broad and deep portfolio of cloud services, overall commitment to security excellence, and strong financial services experience. The South African Reserve Bank also confirmed Standard Bank Group can make the move to AWS while still meeting all current compliance requirements. Standard Bank Group will take advantage of advanced analytics and machine learning services, including Amazon SageMaker, to advance fraud detection and launch new business initiatives, such as machine learning-based advisor capabilities that will help customers make more informed financial decisions. As part of the move, an AWS Cloud Center of Excellence will be established within the bank, featuring a dedicated team focused on facilitating the migration to the cloud and building AWS training and certification programs to up-skill all employees. AWS and Standard Bank Group will also collaborate on building an education and digital skills program, to be launched across Southern Africa, to train the next generation of African cloud experts. “Our vision is to be Africa’s leading financial services organization and to achieve this we have chosen to work with the world’s leading cloud,” said Sim Tshabalala, Group CEO of Standard Bank. “For Standard Bank Group to remain a leader in African financial services, we recognize we need to adopt a cloud-first approach to our business. AWS Cloud technology will create a springboard for Standard Bank Group, helping us to rapidly roll out our digitization and data strategy to better cater to customers whose needs are constantly evolving. The combination of AWS’s rapid agility and high levels of security, combined with Standard Bank’s customer obsession and desire to constantly raise the bar, will allow us to build Africa’s financial services organization of the future and to be positioned as more than a bank.” “The cloud is transforming the financial services industry as organizations look for new ways to enhance customer experiences, and power their entire enterprise operations more efficiently and effectively on the world’s leading cloud,” said Andy Jassy, CEO of AWS. “Standard Bank Group has been a trusted financial institution for more than 150 years. We look forward to working closely with them as they become Africa’s first bank in the cloud, leveraging AWS to innovate new services at a faster clip, maintain operational excellence, and provide secure banking services to customers around the world.” For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 61 Availability Zones (AZs) within 20 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. Millions of customers including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Standard Bank Group is the largest African bank by assets with a unique footprint across 20 African countries. Headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa, we are listed on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange, with share code SBK, and the Namibian Stock Exchange, share code SNB. Standard Bank has a 156-year history in South Africa and started building a franchise outside southern Africa in the early 1990s. Our strategic position, which enables us to connect Africa to other select emerging markets as well as pools of capital in developed markets, and our balanced portfolio of businesses, provide significant opportunities for growth. The group has more than 53 000 employees, approximately 1 200 branches and over 9 000 ATMs on the African continent, which enable it to deliver a complete range of services across personal and business banking, corporate and investment banking and wealth management. Headline earnings for 2018 were R27.9 billion (about ) and total assets were R2.1 trillion (about ). Standard Bank’s market capitalisation at 31 December 2018 was R289 billion ().
The facility will create more than 700 full-time jobs in Metro Vancouver in 2019 SEATTLE – September 27, 2018 – Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced plans for a new Lower Mainland fulfillment centre on Tsawwassen First Nation (TFN) lands. The 450,000-square-foot facility will create more than 700 full-time jobs with comprehensive benefits and join Amazon’s network of existing British Columbia facilities in Delta and New Westminster. This will be Amazon’s third fulfillment centre in British Columbia, where it currently employs more than 800 full-time associates. In addition to its fulfillment centres, Amazon employs an additional 1,500 British Columbians at its tech hub in Vancouver. In total, Amazon employs more than 7,000 people working at fulfillment centres, corporate offices, development centres and other facilities throughout Canada in Ontario, British Columbia, Alberta, and Quebec. Amazon is currently hiring for hundreds of full-time and seasonal positions across the country as the company ramps up for the holiday season. To see available roles and learn more about working at an Amazon fulfillment centre, visit www.amazondelivers.jobs. "Since first opening in British Columbia in 2012, we credit our exciting growth to the incredible customers and outstanding workforce of the Lower Mainland community,” said Glenn Sommerville, Director of Amazon Operations in Canada. “Our ability to create over 700 good-paying jobs with great benefits is thanks to the network of support we’ve received from the Tsawwassen First Nation Executive Council, provincial and community leaders, and strong project partners dedicated to innovation.” Once open, the new facility will be Amazon’s tenth fulfillment facility in Canada and join Amazon’s current fulfillment centres in Alberta, British Columbia and Ontario. “Amazon is once again choosing British Columbia to create good jobs,” said British Columbia Premier John Horgan. “This expansion will bring more opportunity for the people of Tsawwassen First Nation and the Lower Mainland. As Amazon does its part to keep B.C. growing, our government is doing its part by opening the doors of opportunity to more people, building the workforce of the future, and making sure our economy works for everyone.”  Associates at this facility will pick, pack and ship customer items such as books, toys, small electronics and home goods. Full-time employees at Amazon receive competitive hourly wages, medical, vision and dental coverage, a group RRSP plan, stock awards, and performance-based bonuses starting on day one. “It is with great pride that I join the Tsawwassen First Nation and province of British Columbia in welcoming Amazon’s new fulfillment facility,” said Carla Qualtrough, Minister of Public Services, Procurement and Accessibility and Member of Parliament for Delta. “This expansion project means more than 700 good, well-paying jobs as well as long-term economic growth for our community. Our government is instrumental in promoting Canada’s talented workforce, and today, we celebrate giving Canadians new opportunities to succeed.”  Amazon also offers employees access to innovative programs like Career Choice, where it will pay up to 95 percent of tuition for courses related to in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since the program’s launch, more than 16,000 employees across the globe have pursued degrees in game design and visual communications, nursing, IT programming and radiology, to name a few.  “Tsawwassen First Nation welcomes Amazon to our Lands,” said Chief Bryce Williams. “This is a promising advancement that will continue to unlock the potential of TFN as a leading development partner and key economic driver in Metro Vancouver, and we thank our partners GWL Realty Advisors and HOOPP for their roles in bringing this exciting agreement to fruition. For our Members, TFN’s economic development represents reconciliation in action. The investments we’ve made in infrastructure, and the industrial and commercial projects that we’re moving forward, are creating opportunity and contributing to our community’s long-term economic sustainability. Initiatives like Amazon’s Lower Mainland fulfillment facility have the potential to play an important role in a strong, prosperous and united TFN.” The project is being developed by GWL Realty Advisors. About Amazon  Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Now customers can connect with multiple satellites at the same time, have nearly continual coverage in mission-critical situations, and lower the cost of getting information from space to Earth Customers can quickly and easily download, process, store, analyze, and act on satellite data faster through integration with Lockheed Martin Verge and a variety of AWS services SEATTLE & BETHESDA, Md.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 27, 2018-- Today at AWS re:Invent, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Lockheed Martin (NYSE: LMT) announced a strategic collaboration to integrate the new AWS Ground Station service with Lockheed Martin’s new Verge antenna network. AWS and Lockheed Martin are bringing these two highly capable systems together to provide a solution that addresses customer needs for resilient satellite uplinks and downlinks. Through this integration, customers using AWS Ground Station gain the ability to download data from multiple satellites at the same time and to continue downloading data even when unplanned outages like a weather event impact parts of the network. And, Lockheed Martin Verge customers benefit from being able to upload satellite commands and data through AWS Ground Station and to quickly download large amounts of data over the high-speed AWS Ground Station network. Both Lockheed Martin Verge and AWS Ground Station customers can now integrate satellite data with the rich portfolio of AWS services, including compute, storage, analytics, and machine learning. To learn more, please visit www.lockheedmartin.com/Verge and https://aws.amazon.com/ground-station. Immediate and continuous access to the latest satellite data is critical in use cases such as public safety, military missions in fast-evolving threat environments, and real-time weather observations for cargo ships and airlines. Today, there are thousands of satellites orbiting the earth and collecting data, including Low Earth Orbit (LEO) satellites, which are ideal for collecting data for Earth observation and currently comprise about 63 percent of the active satellites now in orbit, according to United Nations data. Traditionally, government organizations or enterprises who have required access to satellite data needed to build or lease ground antennas to communicate with the satellites at significant cost and effort. Further, customers often require antennas in multiple countries and U.S. locations to download data when and where they need it without waiting for the satellite to pass over a desired location. All of this requires significant capital investments and operational costs to build, manage, and maintain antennas, compute infrastructure, and business logic at each antenna location. By combining Lockheed Martin’s distributed network of satellite receivers with direct AWS Ground Station access, the two companies are delivering a next-generation space solution that will help address the growing need for satellite ground communications and data management while reducing capacity constraints and enabling satellite customers to scale their satellite data downlinks in real-time to meet unanticipated demand across a broad variety of situations. “Together, AWS and Lockheed Martin are providing satellite operators increased flexibility, resiliency, and scale in a complete connectivity solution, ground architecture, and cloud environment for integrated satellite and data management operations,” said Rick Ambrose, Executive Vice President of Lockheed Martin Space. “Our collaboration with AWS allows us to deliver robust ground communications that will unlock new benefits for environmental research, scientific studies, security operations, and real-time news media. In time, with satellites built to take full advantage of the distributed Verge network, AWS and Lockheed Martin expect to see customers develop surprising new capabilities using the service.” “AWS and Lockheed Martin have a long, deep relationship and over the past several years it’s become apparent that together we could bring greater capabilities to our public sector and commercial customers,” said Teresa Carlson, Vice President, Worldwide Public Sector for AWS. “Today we are taking the next step in this relationship. The integration of AWS Ground Station with Lockheed Martin Verge brings the unique capabilities of both companies to mutual customers, enabling them to control satellites across both networks and downlink data faster with more resiliency.” Because many AWS Ground Station antennas are co-located with AWS Regions, both AWS and Lockheed Martin customers gain low-latency, local access to other AWS services to process and store this data. For example, they can use Amazon EC2 to control satellites and downlink data, store and share the data in Amazon Elastic Block Store, Amazon Elastic File System, or Amazon S3, use AWS Virtual Private Cloud for secure communications between Amazon EC2 instances and the AWS Ground Station antenna gateway, hunt for real-time business insights with Amazon Kinesis Data Streams and Amazon EMR, apply machine learning algorithms and models with Amazon SageMaker, add image analysis with Amazon Rekognition, and improve data sets by combining satellite data with IoT sensor data from AWS IoT Greengrass. AWS customers can combine these capabilities to build exciting applications that might use image recognition to identify and protect endangered animals, machine learning to predict faulty construction or industrial systems, or analytics to estimate oil production or assess agriculture yields in real time. “Access to geospatial information gives customers the confidence to make critical decisions. For space startups like Spire Global, AWS and Lockheed Martin are unlocking the potential of nearly continuous and uninterrupted access to satellite data along with the ability to analyze and leverage that data using the broad and deep cloud services available in AWS,” said Robert W. Sproles, Ph.D. and Program Manager, Ground Stations, for Spire Global, Inc. “The combination of Lockheed Martin Verge and AWS Cloud will allow multiple satellites to downlink simultaneously, which will increase satellite constellation throughput and reduce latency for our customers.” Customers can easily request Lockheed Martin Verge as their preferred downlink directly through the AWS Ground Station console or from the Verge management console. Once Lockheed Martin Verge receives and processes satellite data, customers can access it directly in their virtual private cloud (VPC) in AWS Regions. For AWS customers in the government or regulated industries, this includes the AWS GovCloud and Secret Regions that carry the full range of data classifications, including Unclassified, Sensitive, Secret, and Top Secret. Lockheed Martin Verge will be available in private beta today for customers with satellites that support S-band frequencies and can downlink in the Denver, Colorado area. General availability and expansion to the higher frequency X-band will be announced in the future. For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 125 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 57 Availability Zones (AZs) within 19 geographic regions around the world, spanning the US, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, Lockheed Martin is a global security and aerospace company that employs approximately 100,000 people worldwide and is principally engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. This year the company received three Edison Awards for ground-breaking innovations in autonomy, satellite technology and directed energy.
AWS’s unmatched portfolio of cloud services and highly reliable infrastructure enables leading biotechnology company to advance drug pipeline and deliver new treatments to patients SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 27, 2018-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that Amgen, one of the world’s leading biotechnology companies, is moving the vast majority of its cloud infrastructure to AWS to accelerate innovation, drive cost efficiencies, and unlock new insights from data to help deliver new treatments to patients with serious illnesses. As the company moves more of its technology infrastructure to AWS, it will aim to develop new cloud-based business applications that leverage the breadth and depth of AWS’s services, as well as its unparalleled reliability, agility, and scalability. Amgen uses AWS’s breadth of functionality, including compute, storage, database, analytics, and machine learning services, to support the development of new applications and to automate processes in the cloud. Amgen has been working with AWS since 2012 to successfully develop several core applications and to support new high-performance computing workloads. For example, Amgen deployed high performance computing platforms at scale on AWS to support Clinical Pharmacology modeling and simulation and to enable scientists in R&D to search, explore, and run advanced analytics. Additionally, Amgen created an Enterprise Data Lake on AWS using Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), Amazon Redshift, as well as other technologies to analyze data and optimize drug manufacturing processes. The success of this initiative led Amgen to break ground in other business areas, such as analyzing sales data to better understand how its salesforce is performing in the field and patient population data analytics to shape clinical trial design. “At Amgen, we hire top technologists who work closely with scientists and other experts to bring new breakthrough medicines to market,” said Mike Zahigian, Chief Information Officer at Amgen. “We see our expanded relationship with AWS as an important enabler to advance our overall Information Systems Strategy. The choice to go in this direction was influenced in no small part by technologists in information systems rapidly adopting AWS technologies over the last few years to accelerate innovation. We see increased use of AWS facilitating our ability to scale our business at a faster pace and deliver innovative applications that contribute to our mission to serve patients.” “Biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies like Amgen are turning to the cloud to better leverage the vast amounts of clinical data available, unlocking deeper insights faster to help medical professionals treat their patients,” said Mike Clayville, Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Sales at AWS. “As a market leader, Amgen is rapidly adopting the most advanced AWS services—including our machine learning and analytics technologies—to develop innovative medicines and deliver solutions for grievous illnesses. We look forward to working with Amgen as they expand their use of AWS to evolve their business in the cloud.” For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 125 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 57 Availability Zones (AZs) within 19 geographic regions around the world, spanning the US, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Elevate the Season with Handcrafted Products – Amazon Reveals Customer Favorites from Local Artisans Across the U.S. Amazon Handmade helps customers shop local from Artisans based in their community Half of the items sold on Amazon are from small and medium-sized businesses SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 10, 2018-- (NASDAQ:AMZN)—As the leaves begin to change and temperatures drop, Amazon is sharing customer favorites to help shoppers find unique gifts. Whether you are revamping your autumn décor or getting a head start on the holidays, Amazon Handmade (amazon.com/handmade) offers customers products from Artisans across the United States. Today, half of the items sold on Amazon worldwide are from small and medium-sized businesses. “Like any small business, Artisans are looking for ways to reach customers and share their stories and products outside of their local communities,” said Katie Harnetiaux, global head of marketing, Amazon Handmade. “Today, there are many choices for Artisans to expand and reach customers beyond their hometown, and they are increasingly choosing to use an online marketplace like Amazon to sell directly to customers worldwide. In fact, Amazon proudly features Handmade Artisans from the U.S. across all 50 states, and offers customers the opportunity to shop local to support these creative and unique small and medium-sized businesses.” Amazon Handmade offers genuinely handcrafted goods from over 15 product categories from local Artisans across all 50 states. Customer favorites from around the country include: • Gold Slate Drink Coasters from Renee Redesigns of New York “Selling on Amazon has allowed us to expand our business at a faster pace than imaginable,” said Jodi Lewis, founder of LucyLews. “Amazon customers make up more than 70% of our business, and because of using services such as Fulfillment by Amazon, we have been able to grow our business from a small town in Idaho and hire several local employees.” To learn more about small and medium-sized businesses selling on Amazon, visit: aboutamazon.com/smallbusiness. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Creator of Fortnite, the multiplayer battle royale game that has become a global phenomenon, relies on AWS for its expansive infrastructure, unmatched reliability, and global scale SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 17, 2018-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that video game and software development corporation Epic Games, creator of the blockbuster cross-platform game Fortnite,is continuing to invest in AWS as its choice in infrastructure—going all-in on the world’s leading cloud—to build new games and enhance the in-game experiences for its more than a hundred million online players around the globe. Since its inception, Fortnite has been powered by AWS, leveraging AWS’s unmatched performance and scalability to support the millions of concurrent players that engage each day. The leading game developer runs its worldwide game server fleet, backend platform systems, databases, and websites on AWS, and will leverage the breadth and depth of AWS’s services, including analytics, machine learning, and containers, to continually improve gameplay. AWS’s fault-tolerant, highly performant infrastructure enables Epic Games to reliably support more than 125 million players worldwide who flock to Fortnite to win a Victory Royale. By using AWS, Epic Games is able to scale up to meet the demands of these players and expand its services globally with minimal effort. For example, Epic Games recently ran an event on AWS where the company invited all Fortnite players to join the game and watch a one-time global event that lasted for only several minutes. The event generated a rush of players into the game that was unprecedented for Epic Games, and the capacity that AWS provided enabled the company to run that event without any serious problems, ensuring game servers were available to all who wanted to participate. In addition, Epic Games is using AWS analytics services such as Amazon Kinesis Streams and Amazon Elastic MapReduce (Amazon EMR) to ingest and analyze the billions of events generated by the game and social media interaction so that the company can assess design decisions, identify player sentiment, and adjust key elements of the game. Epic Games will also be able to simplify the management of its infrastructure during peak times using Amazon Elastic Container Services for Kubernetes (Amazon EKS), and is looking to leverage the Amazon ML Solutions Lab to incorporate machine learning into its games. “We’ve been developing our services on AWS since 2012. AWS has the broadest and deepest portfolio of services that allow us to stay focused on driving innovation in our products rather than the basic infrastructure needed to get or keep a service running. Their unmatched scalability has been instrumental in keeping pace with our rocketing player populations,” said Chris Dyl, Director of Platform at Epic Games. “We decided to go all-in using AWS because they enable us to offer a quality gaming experience to millions of gamers around the world, simultaneously. We are excited to work with AWS to expand our use of analytics, machine learning, and containerized applications using Kubernetes to make our sizable infrastructure even easier to maintain.” “Fortnite’s meteoric rise is a quintessential example of how embracing the cloud and utilizing it fully can significantly impact the trajectory of your business,” said Mike Clayville, Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Sales at AWS. “Throughout Fortnite’s phenomenal growth trajectory, Epic Games has relied upon AWS to provide gamers with the best gaming experience in the world, and to speed innovation by delivering new items, features, and play modes to the game on a regular basis. Together, we look forward to driving new player experiences, leveraging AWS analytics and machine learning services.” For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 125 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 55 Availability Zones (AZs) within 18 geographic regions and one Local Region around the world, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Founded in 1991, Epic Games is the creator of Fortnite, Unreal, Gears of War, Shadow Complex, and the Infinity Blade series of games. Epic’s Unreal Engine technology brings high-fidelity, interactive experiences to PC, console, mobile, AR, VR and the Web. Unreal Engine is freely available at unrealengine.com. For the very latest on the studio, check out @EpicGames.
Mass migration to AWS enables Guardian to reduce its data center footprint as it drives business transformation, operational efficiency, and innovation in the cloud SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 28, 2018-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America (Guardian) has selected AWS as its preferred cloud provider, and is moving the majority of its workloads to AWS for greater agility, reliability, and functionality. The 158-year-old mutual insurance company continues to migrate production workloads to AWS, including mission-critical functions such as data analytics platforms, customer portals, and direct-to-consumer services, and is closing its Guardian owned and operated data centers. By moving to AWS, Guardian has reduced its IT operating costs and is using AWS for its acquisition strategy, migrating newly acquired businesses to the cloud to shed legacy infrastructure and technical debt. Guardian took a deliberate approach to its cloud migration, moving targeted production workloads to AWS first. The organization then worked with AWS to create an enterprise readiness program that would allow for a smooth transition from on-premises to the cloud, and provide a training facility for employees to develop advanced digital capabilities faster than ever before. AWS delivered hands-on support and dedicated resources who were deeply steeped in industry-specific challenges, and helped to establish Guardian’s best practices for security in the cloud. The success of these initial migrations to AWS and the ability to train its workforce using this program gave Guardian the confidence necessary to accelerate its move to the world’s leading cloud. Guardian now relies on AWS’s fault-tolerant, secure infrastructure, and is prototyping and developing new applications using AWS’s breadth of functionality, including compute, database, analytics, and machine learning services. Guardian built a data lake on AWS and Amazon EMR to support its anticipated data growth and analytics strategy. Additionally, Guardian is actively evaluating Amazon SageMaker—a fully-managed machine learning service—to gain insights into critical business functions such as customer analytics, and fraud detection. “AWS has helped Guardian get ahead of insurance industry disruption driven by new technology and changing customer expectations, and enabled us to innovate and provide services how, when and where our customers prefer,” said Dean Del Vecchio, Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer, and Head of Enterprise Shared Services at Guardian. “AWS’s reliable, secure and proven infrastructure lets us scale quickly and access industry-leading services to test and deploy new technologies that delight our customers while protecting our assets in the cloud.” “Companies across the financial services industry, like Guardian, are turning to AWS for the reliability, functionality, scalability, and security that often exceed the capabilities of on-premises data centers,” said Mike Clayville, Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Sales at AWS. “Guardian has been a trusted insurance company for more than 150 years, withstanding the test of time and embracing new technological advances to provide services that deliver financial confidence to customers. We look forward to continuing our work with Guardian as they move to AWS, closing the last of their data centers by the end of this year and looking ahead at ways they can leverage our services, including machine learning and analytics, to continue to evolve their business.” For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 125 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 57 Availability Zones (AZs) within 19 geographic regions around the world, spanning the US, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. About The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America Every day, Guardian provides Americans the security they deserve through our insurance and wealth management products and services. Since our founding in 1860, our long-term view has helped our customers prepare for whatever life brings whether starting a family, planning for the future or taking care of employees. Today, we're a Fortune 250 mutual company and a leading provider of life, disability and other benefits for individuals, at the workplace and through government sponsored programs. The Guardian community of 9000 employees and our network of over 2750 financial representatives is committed to serving with expertise when, where and how our clients need us. Our commitments rest on a strong financial foundation, which at year-end 2017 included in capital and in operating income. For more information, please visit guardianlife.com or follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and YouTube. The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America, New York, NY. Guardian® is a registered trademark of The Guardian Life Insurance Company of America.
Introducing Amazon Storefronts: Over a Million Products From Nearly 20,000 U.S. Small and Medium-sized Businesses From All 50 States Amazon Storefronts features a variety of product categories including Back to School, Halloween, Home, Pet Supplies, Kitchen and Books, and from businesses in every corner of the U.S., from Maine to Florida, California to Alaska Store launch coincides with Amazon’s first-ever national TV advertising campaign championing a U.S. small business, Little Flower Soap Co., selling on Amazon Half the items sold on Amazon are from small and medium-sized businesses SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sep. 17, 2018-- (NASDAQ:AMZN) – Today, Amazon opens “Amazon Storefronts,” a new store for customers to shop exclusively from U.S. small and medium-sized businesses selling on Amazon. With Storefronts, customers can shop a curated collection of over one million products, and deals from nearly 20,000 U.S. small and medium-sized businesses, and learn more about profiled businesses through featured videos and stories. Amazon launched the new store to offer customers an easy way to buy from small and medium-sized businesses in all 50 states through the convenient and trusted Amazon experience. Amazon Storefronts features a variety of product categories including Back to School, Halloween, Home, Kitchen, Pet Supplies and Books. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180917005135/en/ “We’ve created a custom, one-stop shopping experience for customers looking for interesting, innovative and high quality products from American businesses from all across the country,” said Nicholas Denissen, Vice President for Amazon. “Amazon first invited businesses to sell on Amazon nearly two decades ago, and today, small and medium-sized businesses are a vital part of Amazon’s large selection and commitment to customers. We’re championing their success with this new store and a national advertising campaign featuring a successful Michigan business selling on Amazon to customers across the U.S. and worldwide.” • Curated American Collections: Customers will enjoy shopping from more than 25 product categories to discover unique items from U.S. innovators, artisans, entrepreneurs and more, including products like a matching Halloween pajama set for the family, wooden name puzzles and protein sandwich cookies. • Storefront of the Week: Each week the store will highlight a featured U.S. business through a fun video to help introduce the many faces and types of businesses that customers are shopping from on Amazon Storefronts. • Meet the Business Owner: Rotating exploratory feature that profiles U.S. small and medium-sized businesses selling on Amazon. At launch, customers can learn and browse more than a dozen businesses that are Family-focused, Artisans, Innovator-Makers and Women-owned Businesses. To find Storefronts from the Amazon.com homepage, customers can click on the rotating banner featuring a U.S. business, or navigate to the store directly at www.amazon.com/storefronts. To support the launch of the new store, Amazon is unveiling its first-ever national TV commercial featuring real businesses that sell on Amazon. With more than a million small and medium-sized businesses in the U.S. selling on Amazon, the ad gives customers a glimpse into a real business on Amazon and how Amazon is actually a 'Big collection of Small.' The commercial shows how Amazon helps businesses get their products to customers all over the world. To help illustrate the growing number of businesses on Amazon, a series of business logos come together at the end of the ad to form the Amazon smile logo. To view the ad, click here. “Since we started selling on Amazon in October 2016, our sales have nearly doubled. Due to our success, we have been able to hire new team members from our community, including full and part time jobs,” said Holly Rutt, co-founder of Little Flower Soap Co., the U.S. business owner featured in the national TV ad. “We believe that customers like to know the story behind what they’re buying. When there is worry about creating jobs, it’s reassuring for customers to know their purchases are helping sustain jobs in the U.S.” Earlier this year, Amazon introduced the Small Business Impact Report. According to the report, small and medium-sized businesses selling on Amazon are estimated to have created more than 900,000 jobs worldwide. In 2017, more than 300,000 U.S.-based small and medium-sized businesses started selling on Amazon. To view the report, visit: www.amazon.com/SMBreport. To explore Amazon Storefronts and watch videos about small and medium-sized businesses on Amazon, click here. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 25, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- DREAMFORCE 2018 -- Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS),an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Salesforce (NYSE: CRM), the global leader in CRM, today expanded their global strategic alliance announcing new product integrations that will dramatically simplify how customers can securely share and synchronize data across AWS and Salesforce services.The new capabilities will demonstrate the companies' continued investment in delivering deeper levels of integration between AWS and the Salesforce Lightning Platform. As part of the next phase of their global strategic alliance, AWS and Salesforce will deliver the following integrations and a highly secure, trusted framework for connecting the Salesforce Platform with AWS PrivateLink and Amazon Connect: • AWS PrivateLink integration with Salesforce APIs: AWS PrivateLink will allow SaaS application developers who build on AWS to offer private endpoints as an additional option for accessing their service. This integration will provide endpoints for core Salesforce APIs within the developers' Amazon VPCs and vice versa. Exposure to Internet threats is reduced by using a dedicated AWS network connection, which privately routes all traffic flowing between Salesforce and AWS services on a dedicated Amazon network connection rather than the public Internet. Customers will be able to use their PrivateLink-enabled Salesforce endpoints to do more with their customer data, from big data analytics to machine learning, making it significantly easier to unlock customer insights than what is currently possible with custom, one-off integration points. • AWS integration with Salesforce Platform Events: Building intelligent, connected customer experiences requires complex synchronization of data between systems. Customers are increasingly building event-driven architectures that trigger processes in AWS based on data changes in Salesforce, and vice versa. As part of this announcement AWS and Salesforce will collaborate on a new solution that will enable mutual customers to publish and subscribe to Salesforce Platform Events in AWS with unprecedented ease. Events in Salesforce, such as the creation of a sales opportunity, can then easily trigger actions in AWS Lambda and other AWS products. Once processing is complete, results will publish back to Salesforce as Platform Events. For example, enterprises who are managing fleets of connected devices on AWS would be able to leverage usage data to alert sales, service, and marketing teams who are using Salesforce so they can proactively resolve customer incidents, generate sales leads, and cross-sell new services. AWS integration with Salesforce Platform Events will be available in 2019. • Integration with Amazon Connect for Salesforce Service Cloud: Today, companies can leverage Amazon Connect, a self-service, cloud-based contact center service, together with Salesforce Service Cloud to deliver capabilities that support customer workflows between three of the most critical contact center technologies — interactive voice response (IVR), automatic call distributor (ACD), and CRM. Expanding on this integration, Amazon Connect for Salesforce Service Cloud will enable customers to build highly dynamic, AI-driven, self-service voice experiences with a Lightning-integrated agent and customer community. This may include prebuilt data and omni-channel integration, support for bots, and artificial intelligence (AI) built with Amazon Lex and Salesforce Einstein. Amazon Connect for Salesforce Service Cloud is now available and mutual customers can install the . Salesforce today runs the vast majority of their public cloud workloads on AWS. Salesforce is now live on AWS in Australia and Canada, and customers can access the Salesforce Customer Success Platform on the AWS Canada (Central) Region and AWS Asia Pacific (Sydney) Region, Salesforce's first international infrastructure expansions supported with AWS cloud services. With strong customer momentum across both countries, Salesforce is set to further accelerate its growth in both countries with new locally-based instances as an option for its core services.In addition, many Salesforce services, including Heroku, Quip and Marketing Cloud Social Studio, also run on AWS infrastructure. "Salesforce's growing strategic relationship with AWS is fueled by a shared commitment to customer success," said Bret Taylor, President and Chief Product Officer, Salesforce. "Our newest integrations will empower CIOs to securely share and synchronize data across two of the world's most trusted cloud platforms to accelerate their digital transformation." "Because of the deep relationship between AWS and Salesforce – Salesforce runs the vast majority of their public cloud workloads in AWS, and Amazon relies upon Salesforce across various businesses to enhance customer relationships - we have a unique ability to integrate our services and provide customers with enhanced solutions," said Matt Garman, Vice President, AWS Compute Services. "These new integrations will enable companies to leverage the full power of both platforms, driving innovation and building intelligent, connected customer experiences." Intuit Inc. is a business and financial software company that develops and sells financial, accounting, and tax preparation software and related services for small businesses, accountants, and individuals. "With the seamless integration between Amazon Connect and Salesforce, we're unleashing the power of technology to customize the agent experience through data," said Loren Lacy, Group Product Manager, Customer Success and Sales Technology, Intuit Inc. "We're improving productivity and allowing them to focus on customers, not their tools, to provide the best possible customer experience." Autodesk, a leading software developer for the architecture, engineering, construction, manufacturing, media, and entertainment industries relies extensively on Salesforce to manage their customer experience and account based selling and marketing. "The integration of Salesforce with cloud services from AWS helps us know our customers better. We are excited about new integrations that will empower our teams who interact with customers with the information they need, when they need it", says Tzvetana Duffy, Director of Data and Automation at Autodesk." • Learn more about the Amazon and Salesforce partnership: Salesforce, the global CRM leader, empowers companies to connect with their customers in a whole new way. For more information about Salesforce (NYSE: CRM), visit: www.salesforce.com.  Any unreleased services or features referenced in this or other press releases or public statements are not currently available and may not be delivered on time or at all. Customers who purchase Salesforce applications should make their purchase decisions based upon features that are currently available.  Salesforce has headquarters in San Francisco, with offices in Europe and Asia, and trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "CRM." For more information please visit https://www.salesforce.com, or call 1-800-NO-SOFTWARE. Dreamforce 2018 is four days of innovation, inspiration & learning, equality, giving back and fun for the Salesforce Community. More than 170,000 Trailblazers from around the globe are registered to attend, and more than 10 million viewers will join online for the sold out event. Dreamforce will feature 2,700+ sessions to help every role in every industry succeed along with opportunities to get hands-on Salesforce's latest product innovations. Every year the world's most innovative minds come to Dreamforce to inspire, excite and motivate attendees. To learn more, please visit: For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world's most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 125 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 55 Availability Zones (AZs) within 18 geographic regions and one Local Region around the world, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Santander Group's 100 percent digital bank now powered by the world’s leading cloud SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 28, 2018-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that Openbank, a subsidiary of Santander Group, runs on the world’s leading cloud for the most reliable infrastructure and the ability to innovate quickly and more frequently on behalf of its 1.3 million customers in Spain. The digital bank will run production workloads on AWS, including its website, mobile application, and core banking system. Openbank plans to expand internationally using AWS’s global infrastructure to increase redundancy and fault tolerance by replicating key systems across geographic regions. Openbank chose AWS for its operational expertise, breadth of functionality, commitment to security, and understanding of the financial services industry, enabling the bank to innovate its business in the cloud. Openbank worked with AWS to migrate its mission-critical data lake from on-premises to a cloud-based architecture. The data lake now uses Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), Amazon Lambda, and Amazon Athena for a more flexible environment that empowers Openbank data scientists and engineers to harness and analyze customer data so that they can make better informed decisions faster. In addition, Openbank leveraged Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to create a web and mobile front-end application that supports digital interactions with bank customers such as performing credit risk analysis, requesting new loans, and recommending investment strategies. “AWS enabled us to launch a secure and reliable digital bank in a multinational environment, complying with European regulation in record time,” said Cristóbal Miralles, Chief Technology and Operating Officer at Openbank. “We are using the most comprehensive set of cloud services to evolve our customer service models, and help us meet the rigorous requirements of stakeholders and regulators who need transparency into and proof of robust security architectures that protect both our customers and proprietary data. We plan to leverage AWS’s advanced machine learning technologies like Amazon SageMaker to automate tasks related to financial operations and use more analytics capabilities to gain deeper insights into what our customers desire most.” “Entrepreneurial-minded financial services organizations like Openbank are creating entirely new market segments on AWS,” said Mike Clayville, Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Sales at AWS. “Santander’s Openbank collaborated with our industry experts to reassess their operating models, build anew, and implement strategies to accelerate product development, delivery, and upgrades in the cloud—all without compromising security and compliance. They are using AWS’s analytics services, big data capabilities, and machine learning services to make decision-making a science, rather than a guessing game, which has already had a major impact on the bank’s plans for long-term growth and expansion.” For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 125 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 57 Availability Zones (AZs) within 19 geographic regions around the world, spanning the US, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. About Openbank  Openbank is the 100% digital bank of Santander Group, with more than 1.2 million clients and $10 billion in customer resources. Openbank has been recognized by Consumer Associations as the leading bank in customer experience, and has the highest Customer Net Promoter Score (NPS) of all Spanish banks. It has relaunched its technology stack, with a new set of cloud based components and full machine learning capabilities for its AML, fraud, commercial and credit risk activities. Openbank offers its clients a full range of retail banking products, covering from digital loans and mortgages to a fully automated and digital investment and brokerage platform with robo-advisor. Its customers access the bank through the web, mobile or 24/7 call center. For more information visit openbank.es
Compass Group, Illumina, AGC Asahi Glass Co., Petronas Lubricants International, Sumitomo Chemical, Visy, Mitsui & Co., Cardinal Health, Bose, Louisiana Pacific, Citco, Thermo Fisher, Contact Energy, Mercury, Del Monte, L&T Infotech, Edelweiss General Insurance, Oppo Electronics, Videocon, and BR Distribuidora join the thousands of global customers reaping the benefits of running SAP on AWS SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jun. 6, 2018-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), shared that thousands of enterprise customers are running SAP workloads on AWS -- with hundreds of those workloads in production. Businesses of all sizes and across virtually every industry and geography are running their SAP landscapes, including multiple production environments, on AWS to simplify infrastructure management, improve time-to-market, lower costs, and deliver innovation with AWS services integration. AWS has been working with SAP since 2011 to enable customers to deploy and migrate their SAP applications to AWS, and has certified AWS for the vast majority of SAP applications available to customers today. In addition, AWS is working with SAP to power multiple SaaS services and offerings including SAP Concur, SAP SuccessFactors, SAP Cloud Platform (SCP), and HANA Enterprise Cloud (HEC). “Customers have been relying on AWS to run their mission-critical SAP applications in a secure and optimized way for years, driving significant performance increases and lowering costs,” said Terry Wise, Vice President, Worldwide Partner Ecosystem, AWS. “Now, we are seeing customers integrate their SAP solutions with AWS’s unmatched capabilities in compute, storage, databases, analytics, machine learning, artificial intelligence, serverless computing, the Internet of Things (IoT), and more to create innovative and differentiated offerings.” Compass Group, Illumina, AGC Asahi Glass Co., Petronas Lubricants, Sumitomo Chemical, Visy, Mitsui & Co., Cardinal Health, Bose, Louisiana Pacific, Citco, Thermo Fisher, Contact Energy, Mercury, Del Monte, L&T Infotech, Edelweiss General Insurance, Oppo Electronics, Videocon, and BR Distribuidora are just a few of the customers running SAP solutions on AWS. Compass Group, better known for its brands including Bon Appetit, Eurest, Canteen, Wolfgang Puck, among others, is one of the world’s largest foodservice companies, serving millions of people daily and employing over 500,000 associates across all continents. Compass Group relies on SAP to run their business, from supply chain and financials to payroll. “By moving SAP to AWS, Compass has been able to provide a global network between its global offices by sharing data and applications in a cost effective way via the cloud. This has enabled disaster recovery systems at a local and regional level and ultimately allowed Compass to innovate faster by leveraging the scale, maturity, security, and reliability of AWS,” said Imran Ali, CTO Compass Group. Illumina is improving human health by unlocking the power of the genome. Their focus on innovation has established them as the global leader in DNA sequencing and array-based technologies, serving customers in the research, clinical, and applied markets. “By selecting AWS for our SAP HANA Analytics environment, we are now able to meet the growth and agility needs of our business, along with providing a secure, durable, and highly available platform to our customers,” said Norm Fjeldheim, CIO at Ilumina. “Since deploying on AWS, we can now build and scale SAP environments in a matter of minutes, a previous constraint of ours. SAP HANA Analytics on AWS now acts as our core Data Mart, empowering our business to capture endless data sources, ultimately leading to faster decision making.” Established in 2008, Petronas Lubricants International manufactures and markets a full range of high-quality automotive and industrial lubricant products in over 100 markets globally. “At Petronas Lubricants International, technology is at the heart of our business. We invest in technology to serve our customers better and ensure business growth and sustainability. Our global implementation of SAP S/4HANA on AWS replaces nine legacy systems and integrates our in-country deployments to a globally managed solution. With AWS, our infrastructure set-up for SAP S/4HANA accelerated from three months to less than two weeks. This has enabled us to focus on design and innovations to meet business needs at a 50 percent lower equivalent on-premises infrastructure cost,” said Yew Cheong Chow, CIO, Petronas Lubricants International. Sumitomo Chemical is a major Japanese chemical company founded in 1913 as a fertilizer manufacturing plant. “After migrating our Japanese SAP ERP instance to AWS, it ran much faster than our on-premises environment. Job-processing time reduced by approximately 40 percent. Overall, the results far exceeded our expectations. Migrating to AWS also let us implement disaster-recovery solutions, which had been difficult with our on-premises environment. The work an IT department does changes with the times, and engineers need to change with it. My impression is that as we use AWS more widely, the members of our IT department are starting to think differently too,” said Yasuo Tosa Associate Officer, IT Innovation Dept., Sumitomo Chemical Co., Ltd. Visy is a leading packaging and recycling company with more than 120 locations across Australia, New Zealand, and Thailand. The company, which has a workforce of more than 5,500 employees, also has trading offices across Asia, Europe, and North America. Visy sought to migrate all the systems running on its private cloud—including SAP—to a public cloud environment to improve performance. “SAP is the core financial system for our entire global operation. We saw the switch to a public cloud as an opportunity to improve our SAP performance—ensuring financial data got to stakeholders faster than ever before for better business decisions,” said David Peano Chief Information Officer, Visy. “We wanted to work with a cloud provider that could help us incorporate AI and IoT technologies into our business. By moving to AWS, response times on the SAP database are 28 percent faster than in our private cloud infrastructure. We’re also seeing a 46 percent boost in performance on the application server level.” Mitsui & Co. (Australia) Ltd. is the wholly owned Australian subsidiary of Mitsui & Co., one of the world's most diversified trading, investment, and services enterprises, and leading exporter of Australia’s key natural resources and agricultural commodities. “With our previous, on-premises financial reporting system, uptimes were about 85 percent. Using AWS, we get uptimes of 99.99 percent for SAP S/4 HANA. Ultimately, AWS was more cost-competitive than the other cloud-service providers we evaluated. Plus, with AWS Availability Zones present in the Asia Pacific (Sydney) Region, we could keep our data securely stored and backed up in Australia. The scalability of the SAP S/4 HANA platform on AWS enables us to bring the benefits of SAP to other business units without the cost of implementing a new system,” said Craig Howard, General Manager of Finance, Mitsui Coal Holdings. To learn more about running SAP on AWS, visit http://aws.amazon.com/sap. For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 125 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 55 Availability Zones (AZs) within 18 geographic regions and one Local Region around the world, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Leading online retailer and manufacturer of high-quality personalized products and services taps AWS to accelerate its cloud-first transformation and deliver its next-generation platform SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr. 4, 2018-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that Shutterfly, Inc. (NASDAQ: SFLY) is moving its infrastructure to AWS—going all-in on the world’s leading cloud to power its Cloud Transformation initiative. Shutterfly chose AWS for its reliability, scale, and breadth of services that are already helping the company be more agile and flexible in meeting the needs of millions of consumers. Shutterfly is migrating all of its core production applications and its more than 75-petabyte image library to AWS, and is continually building new cloud-based applications. Shutterfly’s next-generation platform is also being developed on AWS, where it can leverage a wide range of AWS services, including machine learning and analytics, to deliver a more streamlined customer experience. “We evaluated all the major cloud providers, and chose AWS for its unmatched security, reliability, and breadth of services which allowed us to quickly migrate key assets, build cloud-based applications, and run our core services with ease,” said Satish Menon, Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer at Shutterfly, Inc. “We are especially excited about using AWS’s machine learning services. For example, we are currently experimenting with Amazon Rekognition for image classifications and metadata enrichment and Amazon Cognito for identity services. The cost savings we expect to see by running on AWS will enable us to put more resources towards innovation and developing our next-generation platform.” “Millions of customers turn to Shutterfly’s lifestyle brands to help them make memorable moments last a lifetime,” said Mike Clayville, Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Sales at AWS. “We are excited to deepen our relationship with Shutterfly, enabling them to allocate more of their valuable resources towards the development of new, cloud-based applications that deliver even more value to their customers. Their all-in approach will allow them to continually drive innovation with speed and at scale as they leverage our broad range of services, including machine learning capabilities, which work in parallel with the AWS storage, database, and compute services already driving their business.” For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 125 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 54 Availability Zones (AZs) within 18 geographic regions and one Local Region around the world, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Shutterfly, Inc. is the leading digital retailer and manufacturer of high-quality personalized products and services. Founded in 1999, Shutterfly brings your photos to life in photo books, gifts, and cards and stationery – through its flagship Shutterfly products, premium offerings in its Tiny Prints boutique, as well as wedding invitations and stationery for every step of the planning process; and through BorrowLenses, the premier online marketplace for photographic and video equipment rentals. Shutterfly, Inc. also operates Shutterfly Business Solutions, delivering high quality digital printing services to the enterprise market; and recently announced a definitive agreement to acquire Lifetouch, the leader in school photography (expected to close in the second quarter of 2018). For more information about Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY), visit www.shutterflyinc.com.
Global leader delivering innovative communications and technology solutions migrates core enterprise IT systems, production databases, and customer-facing applications to AWS SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 15, 2018-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that Verizon Communications (NYSE: VZ) has selected AWS as its preferred public cloud provider. Verizon is migrating over 1,000 business-critical applications and database backend systems to AWS, several of which also include the migration of production databases to Amazon Aurora—AWS’s relational database engine that combines the speed and availability of high-end commercial databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness of open source databases. Verizon first started working with AWS in 2015 and has several successful business and consumer applications already running in the cloud. This latest wave of migrations to AWS is part of a corporate-wide initiative at Verizon to increase agility and reduce costs through the use of cloud computing. Standardizing on AWS will enable Verizon to access the most comprehensive set of cloud capabilities available today so it can deliver innovative applications and services in hours versus weeks. To ensure that Verizon’s developers are able to invent on behalf of its customers, the company has also invested in building AWS-specific training facilities, called “dojos,” where its employees can quickly ramp up on AWS technologies and learn how to innovate with speed and at scale. "We are making the public cloud a core part of our digital transformation, upgrading our database management approach to replace our proprietary solutions with Amazon Aurora," said Mahmoud El-Assir, Senior Vice President of Global Technology Services at Verizon. “The agility we’ve gained by moving to the world’s leading public cloud has helped us better serve our customers. Working with AWS complements our focus on efficiency, speed, and innovation within our engineering culture, and has enabled us to quickly deliver the best, most efficient customer experiences." “Millions of consumers and businesses rely on Verizon to communicate and connect them to every corner of the world at a time when the stakes have never been higher to keep customers satisfied and engaged,” said Mike Clayville, Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Sales at AWS. “We look forward to continuing our work with Verizon as their preferred public cloud provider, helping them to continually transform their business and innovate on behalf of their customers. The combination of Verizon’s team of builders with AWS’s extensive portfolio of cloud services and expertise means that Verizon’s options for delighting their customers is virtually unlimited.” For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 125 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 55 Availability Zones (AZs) within 18 geographic regions and one Local Region around the world, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE, Nasdaq: VZ), headquartered in New York City, generated in 2017 revenues. The company operates America’s most reliable wireless network and the nation’s premier all-fiber network, and delivers integrated solutions to businesses worldwide. Its Oath subsidiary reaches about one billion people around the world with a dynamic house of media and technology brands.
Leading online retailer moved to AWS for greater stability, flexibility, and cost savings, and to drive innovation at a faster clip SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jun. 12, 2018-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that online retailer zulily is moving its infrastructure to AWS to further enhance the online shopping experience for its more than 6.1 million active customers. zulily moved business critical workloads to AWS, including its store, mobile application, and supply chain, and the online retailer has since seen a 30-40 percent performance improvement per request made across its website and mobile application. In addition, many of zulily’s core production databases have been upgraded to Amazon Aurora, resulting in higher fault tolerance and better performance for zulily customers. zulily is using the breadth and depth of AWS services, including database, serverless, and analytics, to continually enhance its services in the cloud. AWS enables every part of the business—marketing, merchandising, vendor operations, security, CI/CD automation, and supply chain—to make real-time decisions and continuous improvements. By moving from standalone image generation servers running custom code and several terabytes of local storage to a single Lambda function backed by Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) and fronted by Amazon CloudFront, zulily created a truly scalable architecture on top of AWS that saves the company thousands of dollars a month on a critical system, and delivered the performance needed to provide shoppers with a reliable and delightful experience. zulily developed a DevOps practice on AWS, enabling the team to push code multiple times a day across a variety of applications and services, testing and verifying system functionalities every five minutes and cutting down the code-to-production push time by over 30 percent. “zulily launches over 100 events a day, featuring 9,000 styles for 72 hours—while holding minimal inventory—and serving a personalized experience for every customer, which requires a cloud provider that can meet our rigorous demands. We chose AWS for the flexibility, stability, cost savings, and unmatched set of cloud services that support our unique business model,” said Luke Friang, Chief Information Officer at zulily. “With AWS’s highly scalable and flexible infrastructure, zulily is able to store and analyze large volumes of data and deliver enhanced experience to customers without taking away from key business operations. Our strategic relationship with AWS gives our team the tools they need to maintain our culture of constant and nimble innovation.” “Leading retailers like zulily want to use the technology infrastructure platform that gives them the most functionality, the greatest agility, and the best security and performance to underpin their customers’ online and mobile shopping experiences,” said Mike Clayville, Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Sales at AWS. “AWS is the clear leader in these areas and with zulily launching over 100 events a day, they can now rely on the most comprehensive set of cloud services to iterate, test, and deploy new services at an accelerated pace to create even better customer experiences. We are excited to expand our strategic relationship with them, working closely to enable innovation at scale.” For over 12 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 125 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 55 Availability Zones (AZs) within 18 geographic regions and one Local Region around the world, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. zulily, LLC, (http://www.zulily.com) is a retailer obsessed with bringing its customers special finds every day—all at incredible prices. zulily features an always-fresh curated collection for the whole family, including clothing, home decor, toys, gifts and more. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites from top brands, giving customers something new to discover each morning. zulily was launched in 2010 and is headquartered in Seattle with offices in Nevada, Ohio and Pennsylvania. For more information, visit www.zulily.com. zulily, LLC, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Qurate Retail, Inc. (NASDAQ: QRTEA, QRTEB), which includes QVC, HSN, zulily and the Cornerstone brands (collectively, “Qurate Retail Group”), as well as other minority investments. Qurate Retail Group believes in a third way to shop – beyond transactional ecommerce or traditional brick-and-mortar stores – and is #1 in video commerce, #3 in ecommerce in North America and #3 in mobile commerce in the U.S. (according to Internet Retailer). For more information, visit www.qurateretailgroup.com.
Amazon Announces 150 New Tools and Services Have Launched in 2019 to Help Small and Medium-Sized Businesses Grow Their Online Sales Amazon is on track to invest more than $15 billion in 2019 in infrastructure, tools, services, people, and programs to help third-party sellers succeed Recently launched ...
Television adaptation, exploring new storylines preceding J.R.R. Tolkien’s The Fellowship of the Ring, slated to debut exclusively on Prime Video SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 13, 2017-- (NASDAQ: AMZN)—Amazon today announced it has acquired the global television rights to The Lord of the Rings, based on the celebrated fantasy novels by J.R.R. Tolkien, with a multi-season commitment. The upcoming Amazon Prime Original will be produced by Amazon Studios in cooperation with the Tolkien Estate and Trust, HarperCollins and New Line Cinema, a division of Warner Bros. Entertainment. “The Lord of the Rings is a cultural phenomenon that has captured the imagination of generations of fans through literature and the big screen,” said Sharon Tal Yguado, Head of Scripted Series, Amazon Studios. “We are honored to be working with the Tolkien Estate and Trust, HarperCollins and New Line on this exciting collaboration for television and are thrilled to be taking The Lord of the Rings fans on a new epic journey in Middle Earth.” “We are delighted that Amazon, with its longstanding commitment to literature, is the home of the first-ever multi-season television series for The Lord of the Rings,” said Matt Galsor, a representative for the Tolkien Estate and Trust and HarperCollins. “Sharon and the team at Amazon Studios have exceptional ideas to bring to the screen previously unexplored stories based on J.R.R. Tolkien’s original writings.” Set in Middle Earth, the television adaptation will explore new storylines preceding J.R.R. Tolkien’s The Fellowship of the Ring. The deal includes a potential additional spin-off series. A world-renowned literary work, and winner of the International Fantasy Award and Prometheus Hall of Fame Award, The Lord of the Rings novels was named Amazon customers’ favorite book of the millennium in 1999 and Britain’s best-loved novel of all time in BBC’s The Big Read in 2003. Its theatrical adaptations, from New Line Cinema and Director Peter Jackson, earned a combined gross of nearly worldwide. With an all-star cast that included Elijah Wood, Viggo Mortensen, Ian McKellen, Liv Tyler, Sean Astin and Orlando Bloom, The Lord of the Rings trilogy garnered a combined 17 Academy Awards, including Best Picture. The upcoming Amazon Prime Original will be available for Prime members to stream and enjoy using the Amazon Prime Video app for TVs, connected devices including Amazon Fire TV, and mobile devices, or online with other Amazon Prime Originals online at Amazon.com/originals, at no additional cost to their membership. Eligible customers who are not already Prime members can sign up for a free trial at www.amazon.com/prime. For a list of all Amazon Prime Video compatible devices, visit www.amazon.com/howtostream. The series will be a global release for members to watch via the Prime Video app or online at PrimeVideo.com in more than 200 countries and territories. Amazon Video is a premium on-demand entertainment service that offers customers the greatest choice in what to watch and how to watch it. Amazon Video is the only service that provides all of the following: • Prime Video: Thousands of movies and TV shows, including popular licensed content plus critically-acclaimed and award-winning Amazon Original Series and Movies from Amazon Studios like Transparent, The Man in the High Castle, Love & Friendship, and kids series Tumble Leaf, available for unlimited streaming as part of an Amazon Prime membership. Prime Video is also now available to customers in more than 200 countries and territories around the globe at www.primevideo.com. • Amazon Channels: Over 100 video subscriptions to networks like HBO, SHOWTIME, STARZ, PBS KIDS, Acorn TV, and more, available to Amazon Prime members in the US as add-ons to their membership. To view the full list of available channels, visit www.amazon.com/channels • Rent or Own: Hundreds of thousands of titles, including new release movies and current TV shows available for on-demand rental or purchase for all Amazon customers. • Instant Access: Customers can instantly watch anytime, anywhere through the Amazon Video app on compatible TVs, mobile devices, Amazon Fire TV, Fire TV Stick, and Fire tablets, or online. For a list of all compatible devices, visit www.amazon.com/howtostream • Premium Features: Top features like 4K Ultra HD, High Dynamic Range (HDR) and mobile downloads for offline viewing of select content. In addition to Prime Video, the Prime membership includes unlimited fast free shipping options across all categories available on Amazon, more than two million songs and thousands of playlists and stations with Prime Music, secure photo storage with Prime Photos, unlimited reading with Prime Reading, unlimited access to a digital audiobook catalog with Audible Channels for Prime, a rotating selection of free digital games and in-game loot with Twitch Prime, early access to select Lightning Deals, exclusive access and discounts to select items, and more. To sign-up for Prime or to find out more, visit: www.amazon.com/prime. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Building on five decades of innovation and creativity, New Line Cinema continues its long and successful history of producing critically acclaimed hit films that resonate with both mainstream and niche audiences around the world. New Line became a unit of Warner Bros. Entertainment in March 2008. The company maintains separate development, production, and business affairs operations, but coordinates those functions with Warner Bros. to maximize film performance and operating efficiencies.
Amazon funding Amazon Future Engineer Robotics grants – including access to computer science education, FIRST robotics program registrations to start a robotics team, and a tour of a local Amazon robotics fulfillment center for up to 30 Seattle Public Schools Beginning this fall, Seattle Public Schools join 100 schools across 22 states set to benefit and support the future generation of innovators Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part, childhood-to-career program that works to inspire and educate 10 million children and young adults each year from underrepresented and underserved communities to pursue careers in the fast-growing field of computer science and coding SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jun. 25, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Seattle Public Schools today announced a new partnership to bring computer science and robotics to up to 30 Title 1 Seattle Public Schools as part of the Amazon Future Engineer program. Amazon is providing each of the schools with an Amazon Future Engineer Robotics grant to inspire the next generation of computer scientists, with a focus on students from underrepresented and underserved communities. Each of the schools will receive support to launch FIRST robotics teams, including teacher professional development to learn about robotics, support from Amazon to expand access to computer science education in their school, and a private tour of an Amazon robotics fulfillment center in Kent, Washington. The mission of FIRST, curriculum provider for Amazon Future Engineer Robotics grants, is to inspire young people to be science and technology leaders and innovators by engaging them in exciting mentor-based programs that build science, engineering, and technology skills to students in grades K-12. Data from a 5-year longitudinal study of FIRST by Brandeis University shows competitive FIRST robotics programs works for all youth. Across all demographic groups (gender, race, economic status and geography), FIRST students show significant gains in STEM knowledge, STEM interest, STEM career interest, STEM identity, and STEM activity compared to their peers who don’t participate. FIRST students are more likely to major in tech-focused science fields in college; by their second year of college, over 50 percent declare majors in engineering or technology. The impact on young women in FIRST is particularly profound. By their first year of college, female alumnae of FIRST are 3.6 times more likely to take an engineering course, and 1.9 times more likely to take a computer science course than female comparison students. Seattle Public Schools is committed to creating opportunities for students who have historically been the furthest from educational justice; these students have also been underrepresented in STEM careers. They recognize the positive impact the partnership will have on educators, teachers and coaches to learn new skills and new ways of applying standards-based teaching in a new environment. “This partnership with Amazon will give our students of color the opportunity to see engineers who look like them – which provides a huge benefit and creates a quicker course to students imagining a future in a STEM field,” said Seattle Public Schools Superintendent Denise Juneau. “Creating educational journeys like these help ensure our students are prepared for college, career, and life.” “Seattle is our hometown, and it’s very important to us to make sure more students in our city, especially those from underserved and underrepresented communities have access to an exciting and rewarding computer science education,” said Beth Galetti, Amazon Senior Vice President of Human Resources. “We are excited to help Seattle Public Schools students become the innovators of the future, and we’re confident that this hands-on experience provided by Amazon Future Engineer will be both fun and informative.” "Amazon is helping FIRST in our goal to make robotics teams and programs available in every school,” said Dean Kamen, founder of FIRST and president of DEKA Research & Development. “In FIRST, every kid on every team can go pro. They gain a hands-on learning pathway in technology, computer science and engineering that propels them forward and inspires innovation." The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that by 2020 there will be 1.4 million computer-science-related jobs available and only 400,000 computer science graduates with the skills to apply for those jobs. Computer science is the fastest-growing profession within the Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) field, but only 8% of STEM graduates earn a computer science degree, with a tiny minority from underprivileged backgrounds. Students from underprivileged backgrounds are 8 to 10 times more likely to pursue college degrees in computer science if they have taken AP computer science in high school. More locally, the Washington Business Roundtable has reported that a large number of hundreds of thousands new jobs being generated in the Seattle area will be STEM-related. Moreover, the Puget Sound Business Journal stated in their January 6, 2016 edition that Washington isn’t producing enough qualified workers to supply talent-starved tech companies. Launched in November, 2018, Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part childhood-to-career program intended to inspire, educate, and prepare children and young adults from underrepresented and underserved communities to pursue careers in the fast-growing field of computer science. Each year, Amazon Future Engineer aims to inspire more than 10 million kids to explore computer science; provide over 100,000 young people in over 2,000 high schools access to Intro or AP Computer Science courses; award 100 students with four-year scholarships, as well as offer guaranteed and paid Amazon internships to gain work experience. Amazon Future Engineer is part of Amazon’s investment in computer science/STEM education. In addition, Amazon Future Engineer has donated more than to organizations that promote computer science/STEM education across the country. Schools currently confirmed to participate are as follows: About Amazon in the Community Amazon is committed to helping all children and young adults, especially those from underrepresented and underserved communities, have the resources and skills they need to build their best future. Amazon focuses on building long-term, innovative, and high impact programs that leverage Amazon’s unique assets and culture. Initiatives include Amazon Future Engineer, designed to inspire and excite 10 million children and young adults from underrepresented communities each year to pursue an education in computer science, as well as programs that support immediate needs, including fighting childhood hunger by providing access to millions of breakfasts through its nationwide Rise and Smile program, addressing family homelessness through donations and housing a homeless shelter in its Seattle headquarters, and global relief efforts for people in need following natural disasters. Seattle Public Schools is committed to eliminating opportunity gaps for students furthest from educational justice and providing a high-quality, world-class education for each of the nearly 53,000 students served. As part of its 2019-24 district strategic plan, the district is committed to building out new career and technical education (CTE) course pathways in STEM-related areas as a way of helping these students develop college and career readiness. Accomplished inventor Dean Kamen founded FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) in 1989 to inspire an appreciation of science and technology in young people. Based in Manchester, N.H., FIRST designs accessible, innovative programs to build self-confidence, knowledge, and life skills while motivating young people to pursue opportunities in science, technology, and engineering. With support from over 200 of the Fortune 500 companies and more than in college scholarships, the not-for-profit organization hosts the FIRSTRobotics Competition for students in Grades 9-12; FIRSTTech Challenge for Grades 7-12; FIRSTLEGO League for Grades 4-8; and FIRSTLEGO League Jr. for Grades K-4. Gracious Professionalism is a way of doing things that encourages high-quality work, emphasizes the value of others, and respects individuals and the community. To learn more about FIRST and FIRST Washington, the state non-profit that runs the programs and supports team, go to firstwa.org. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Three new wind farms in Ireland, Sweden, and the United States will produce more than 670,000 MWh annually and support AWS’s goal to power 100% of its global infrastructure with renewable energy SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr. 8, 2019-- Today, Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN) announced three new renewable energy projects as part of its long-term goal to power all Amazon Web Services (AWS) global infrastructure with renewable energy. These projects – one in Ireland, one in Sweden, and one in the United States – will deliver wind-generated energy that will total over 229 megawatts (MW) of power, with expected generation of over 670,000 megawatt hours (MWh) of renewable energy annually. The new projects are part of AWS’s long-term commitment to achieve 100 percent renewable energy for its global infrastructure. In 2018, AWS exceeded 50 percent renewable energy for its global infrastructure. For more information, go to https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/sustainability/. Once complete, these projects, combined with AWS’s previous nine renewable energy projects, are expected to generate more than 2,700,000 MWh of renewable energy annually – equivalent to the annual electricity consumption of over 262,000 US homes, which is approximately the size of the city of Nashville, Tennessee. “Each of these projects brings us closer to our long-term commitment to use 100 percent renewable energy to power our global AWS infrastructure,” said Peter DeSantis, Vice President of Global Infrastructure and Customer Support, Amazon Web Services. “These projects are well-positioned to serve AWS data centers in Ireland, Sweden, and the US. We expect more projects in 2019 as we continue toward our goal of powering all AWS global infrastructure with renewable energy.” Amazon has committed to buying the energy from a new wind project in Ireland, a 91.2 MW wind farm in Donegal. The Donegal wind farm project is expected to deliver clean energy no later than the end of 2021. “AWS’s investment in renewable projects in Ireland illustrates their continued commitment to adding clean energy to the grid and it will make a positive contribution to Ireland’s renewable energy goals,” said Leo Varadkar, An Taoiseach of Ireland. “As a significant employer in Ireland, it is very encouraging to see Amazon taking a lead on this issue. We look forward to continuing to work with Amazon as we strive to make Ireland a leader on renewable energy.” Amazon will also purchase 91 MW of power from a new wind farm in Bäckhammar, Sweden, which is expected to deliver renewable energy by the end of 2020. “Sweden has long been known for ambitious renewable energy goals, and this new wind farm showcases both our country’s leadership and AWS’s commitment to renewable energy,” said Anders Ygeman, Sweden’s Minister for Energy and Digital Development. “This is a significant step in Sweden’s renewable energy production as we work toward our target of 100 percent renewable energy by 2040.” California leads the United States in renewable electricity generation from non-hydroelectric sources, and the state’s Tehachapi Mountains, where AWS’s wind farm will be located, contain some of the largest wind farms in the country. The wind farm project in Tehachapi is expected to bring up to 47 MW of new renewable energy capacity by the end of 2020. “This announcement from AWS is great news, not just for California, but for the entire country, as it reaffirms our role as a leader in renewable energy and allows us to take an important step forward on deploying the clean energy we need to respond to climate change,” said California State Senator Jerry Hill, San Mateo and Santa Clara Counties, a member of the Senate Standing Committee on Energy, Utilities and Communications. Beyond the sustainability initiatives focused on powering the AWS global infrastructure, Amazon recently announced Shipment Zero, which is Amazon’s vision to make all Amazon shipments net zero carbon, with 50 percent of all shipments net zero by 2030. Additional sustainability programs across the company include Amazon Wind Farm Texas, which adds more than 1 million MWh of clean energy each year. In total, Amazon has enabled 53 wind and solar projects worldwide, which produce more than 1,016 MW and are expected to deliver over 3,075,636 million MWh of energy annually. These projects support hundreds of jobs, while providing tens of millions of dollars of investment in local communities. Amazon has also set a goal to host solar energy systems at 50 fulfillment centers by 2020. This deployment of rooftop solar systems is part of a long-term initiative that will start in North America and spread across the globe. Amazon also implemented the District Energy Project that uses recycled energy for heating Amazon offices in Seattle. For more information on Amazon’s sustainability initiatives, visit www.amazon.com/sustainability. For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 61 Availability Zones (AZs) within 20 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. Millions of customers including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
100 Amazon Future Engineer scholarship winners will receive per year over four years to study computer science starting this fall at the college of their choice. All of the recipients demonstrated financial need and more than half of the students are from an underrepresented group in the computer science field. Scholarship winners will also receive a guaranteed, paid internship opportunity at Amazon after their freshman year of college. Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part, childhood-to-career program that works to inspire and educate 10 million children and young adults each year from underrepresented and underserved communities to pursue careers in the fast-growing field of computer science and coding. See what this scholarship means to one of its recipients here. Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced that 100 high school seniors from 32 states across the country will receive the first-ever Amazon Future Engineer scholarship of per year over four years to study computer science at a college of their choice. The scholarship winners will also receive a guaranteed paid internship offer at Amazon after their freshman year of college to gain work experience. Recipients were chosen for their academic achievement, demonstrated leadership, participation in school and community activities, work experience, future goals, and diversity. All of the recipients demonstrated financial need and more than half of the students are from an underrepresented group in the computer science field. See what this scholarship means to one of its recipients here. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190402005419/en/ “This scholarship is very important because it means when I go to college, I won’t have to constantly worry about money,” said Leo Jean Baptiste, from Orange High School in Orange, New Jersey. “I have an internship at one of the top companies in the world – I feel relieved knowing that I have the opportunity set up ahead of time.” “Leo is going to be a brilliant computer scientist and, more than that, he wants to use computer science to really make a change and better the world,” said Hooman Behzadpo, Leo’s math and computer science teacher at Orange High School. “This is a phenomenal opportunity for Leo, and it’s a phenomenal thing for the community. But equally as much, it’s a fantastic opportunity for future generations of students.” “This is a huge help for all of these students about to start college,” said senior House Education Committee Member Congresswoman Alma Adams (NC). “As a former professor, I know higher education is becoming increasingly expensive, and it’s so important for students who need extra financial support to get that, especially if it helps them pursue a promising, rewarding, and in-demand field of study like computer science.” “We are confident that these scholarship recipients are our country’s next generation of world-changing inventors and leaders. They are an impressive, hard-working group, and we’re thrilled to call them our first class of Amazon Future Engineer scholarship winners,” said Jeff Wilke, CEO, Worldwide Consumer, Amazon. “This scholarship is a reflection of our appreciation for the work these students have done so far, and an investment in them and the future we all share. We are eager to see the bold paths paved by these students as college students, Amazon interns, and beyond.” The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that by 2020 there will be 1.4 million computer-science-related jobs available and only 400,000 computer science graduates with the skills to apply for those jobs. Computer science is the fastest-growing profession within the Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) field, but only 8% of STEM graduates earn a computer science degree, with a small number from underprivileged backgrounds. Students from underprivileged backgrounds are 8 to 10 times more likely to pursue college degrees in computer science if they have taken AP computer science in high school. Launched in November, 2018, Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part childhood-to-career program intended to inspire, educate, and prepare children and young adults from underrepresented and underserved communities to pursue careers in the fast-growing field of computer science. Each year, Amazon Future Engineer aims to inspire more than 10 million kids to explore computer science; provide over 100,000 young people in over 2,000 high schools access to Intro or AP Computer Science courses; award 100 students with four-year scholarships, as well as offer guaranteed and paid Amazon internships to gain work experience. Amazon Future Engineer is part of Amazon’s investment in computer science/STEM education. In addition, Amazon Future Engineer has donated more than to organizations that promote computer science/STEM education across the country. Rising high school seniors can apply for the Amazon Future Engineer scholarship starting in November, 2019. Requirements for the Amazon Future Engineer scholarship include: completion of an Advanced Placement Computer Science course in high school, intent to pursue a computer science degree at a four-year college or university, and a teacher recommendation. Other factors considered include: academic performance, demonstrated leadership, participation in school and community activities, work experience, a statement of career and educational goals, and diversity. Amazon Future Engineer is currently accepting applications for the high school piece of its program at www.amazonfutureengineer.com. About Amazon in the Community Amazon is committed to ensuring all children and young adults, especially those from underprivileged, underrepresented, and underserved communities, have the resources and skills they need to build their best future. Amazon focuses on building long-term, innovative, and high impact programs that leverage Amazon’s unique assets and culture. Initiatives include Amazon Future Engineer, designed to inspire and excite 10 million children and young adults from underprivileged and underrepresented communities each year to pursue an education in computer science, as well as programs that support immediate needs, including fighting childhood hunger by providing access to millions of breakfasts through its nationwide Rise and Smile program, addressing family homelessness through donations and housing a homeless shelter in its Seattle headquarters, and global relief efforts for people in need following natural disasters. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon has created more than 22,000 jobs in Texas and invested over in the state since 2011, including infrastructure and compensation Amazon employs more than 20,000 employees across the company’s growing network of North American Tech Hubs SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mar. 28, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced an expansion of its Austin Tech Hub and plans to create 800 new tech jobs in fields including software and hardware engineering, research science, and cloud computing. Together with its customer fulfillment facilities, Amazon has created more than 22,000 full-time jobs in Texas and since 2011 has invested over in the state, including infrastructure and compensation to its employees. “In the last four years, we have created more than a 1,000 jobs in Austin,” said Terry Leeper, General Manager of Amazon’s Austin Tech Hub. “With a strong pool of technical talent in Austin and a dynamic quality of life, we are excited to continue to expand and create more opportunity in this vibrant city.” “The state of Texas has cultivated a strong and vibrant business environment, leading to more jobs and greater innovation,” said Governor Abbott. “With today’s announcement and continued investment in the technology sector, Texas will continue to chart a path toward greater economic prosperity.” “It is no surprise that Texas’ booming economy continues to attract innovative companies, both large and small. Amazon’s decision to further expand comes with the recognition that Texas continues to boast a pro-business environment that helps businesses and families to grow, thrive, and succeed,” said Congressman McCaul. “This expansion will help ensure Austin remains at the cutting-edge of the tech that’s fueling and driving emerging markets.” "I'm pleased that Amazon is doubling down on Austin by expanding the Tech Hub,” said Senator Watson. “Austin is a special place that fosters creativity and innovation, and I appreciate that Amazon has chosen to become an even greater contributor to our dynamic community and economy." “We are pleased to see Amazon’s significant investment in the Austin region continue to grow,” said Gary Farmer, Opportunity Austin Chair, Austin Chamber of Commerce. “This expanding presence is indicative of our region’s ability to provide creative and innovative talent. We’re proud to call Amazon a partner in our efforts to achieve regional prosperity.” Amazon’s Austin Tech Hub is one of the company’s 17 North American Tech Hubs – a network of development centers in addition to Amazon’s Seattle and Northern Virginia headquarters. Together, these Hubs have more than 20,000 employees, building new products and services for Amazon customers around the world. Austin-based teams primarily focus on Amazon Web Services (AWS), Amazon Business, Amazon devices, video game design, advertising and more. To accommodate the additional job creation in Austin, Amazon will expand into a new 145,000 square foot office in The Domain, opening in 2020. Amazon’s new office will be located in Domain 10 owned by TIER REIT, which is co-developing the project with Endeavor Real Estate Group. Named #1 on LinkedIn Top Companies in 2018, Amazon provides comprehensive benefits to its employees, including healthcare from day one, 401(k) with 50 percent match and flexible parental leave —from the company’s most senior executives to its hourly FC associates. Amazon also offers a range of programs to equip job seekers and employees with the skills they need for new, in-demand jobs, from paid cloud computing apprenticeships for military veterans, to its innovative Career Choice program, which pre-pays 95% of tuition for courses in in-demand fields, regardless of whether skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. To date, more than 12,000 employees have participated in Career Choice in the United States, pursuing degrees in healthcare, information technology, and many more areas of study. Since 2011, Amazon has invested over in Texas, from building customer fulfillment facilities, cloud infrastructure, and a 253-megawatt (MW) wind farm to compensation to its teams. The company estimates that these direct investments in the state contributed more than to Texas’ economy (2011-2017) and generated an additional 30,000 indirect jobs on top of the company’s direct hires. There are also more than 130,000 authors, developers, and small and medium-sized businesses in Texas growing their businesses with Amazon. Additionally, as part of Amazon’s ongoing commitment to the communities where our employees live and work, the Amazon Future Engineer program – a childhood-to-career program to inspire, educate and propel children and young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities to pursue careers in computer science – has added more than 90 high schools across Texas to date. Amazon has supported more than a hundred local schools and organizations in Texas through monetary and in-kind donations, and employees have dedicated thousands of volunteer hours to charities such as the North Texas Food Bank and Dallas Special Olympics Competition. In 2017, Amazon also aided with disaster relief efforts for Hurricane Harvey, which included AWS’ support of supplemental call centers for the Red Cross and work with the Texas Homeless Network. Over the past seven years, the company has invested more than in the U.S., including corporate offices, development and research centers, fulfillment infrastructure, and compensation to its employees. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
By this fall, more than 1,000 high schools will offer Introductory and Advanced Placement (AP) Computer Science courses funded by the Amazon Future Engineer program – part of Amazon’s investment in computer science and STEM education More than 700 of the of high schools participating in Amazon Future Engineer serve students from low-income communities, as indicated by the school’s Title I status Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part, childhood-to-career program that works to inspire and educate 10 million children and young adults each year from underprivileged, underrepresented, and underserved communities to pursue careers in the fast-growing field of computer science and coding SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 21, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced it will fund computer science courses in more than 1,000 high schools across all 50 states and the District of Columbia reaching tens of thousands of students from underprivileged, underrepresented, or underserved communities, through its Amazon Future Engineer program. Of the more than 1,000 high schools, more than 700 are classified as Title I schools. Amazon’s funding provides full-year courses designed to inspire, prepare and propel students of all backgrounds to pursue a computer science education and career. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190221005309/en/ The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that by 2020 there will be 1.4 million computer-science-related jobs available and only 400,000 computer science graduates with the skills to apply for those jobs. Computer science is the fastest-growing profession within the Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) field, but only 8% of STEM graduates earn a computer science degree, with a tiny minority from underprivileged backgrounds. Students from underprivileged backgrounds are 8 to 10 times more likely to pursue college degrees in computer science if they have taken AP computer science in high school. “Our students are hungry for computer science education, but we could not get the funding to bring this class to our school,” said Chad Bobb, a teacher at Pike High School, a Title I school in Indianapolis, Indiana. “Amazon Future Engineer allows us to open our students’ eyes to something that is both interesting and can lead them into rewarding, thriving careers.” “It is so important to ensure that every student in the U.S. has the opportunity to be well-prepared for the highly technical jobs of the present and future,” said Congresswoman Eddie Bernice Johnson (Texas), Chair of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee. “I welcome initiatives such as the Amazon Future Engineer program that can increase opportunities for young people who have too long been underrepresented in STEM jobs due to race, gender, or socioeconomic status. I’d like to offer my congratulations to the schools in Dallas, and across the country, who have taken the lead in working to promote solutions to this issue by increasing access to computer science education.” “The U.S. Chamber’s Technology Engagement Center is pleased to see Amazon expand this program, as computer science and all STEM education programs are critical to the workforce of the future,” said Tim Day, Senior Vice President of the Chamber Technology Engagement Center (C_TEC). “More students will have access to the tools they need to be successful, and more businesses will be able to hire employees with the skills necessary to compete in a data driven economy.” “We want to ensure that every child, especially those from underprivileged communities, has an opportunity to study computer science,” said Jeff Wilke, CEO Worldwide Consumer, Amazon. “We are excited more than 1,000 schools will now provide these courses, and look forward to adding 1,000 more schools over the coming months.” The more than 1,000 high schools will offer Intro to Computer Science and AP Computer Science classes through curriculum provider, Edhesive. Amazon’s funding provides preparatory lessons, tutorials, professional development for teachers, fully sequenced and paced digital curriculum for students, and live online support every day of the week for both teachers and students. All students participating in this program will receive a free membership to AWS Educate, which provides them with free access to computing power in the AWS Cloud for their coding projects and content to learn about cloud computing. Launched in November, 2018, Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part childhood-to-career program intended to inspire, educate, and prepare children and young adults from underprivileged, underrepresented, and underserved communities to pursue careers in the fast-growing field of computer science. Each year, Amazon Future Engineer aims to inspire more than 10 million kids to explore computer science; provide over 100,000 young people in over 2,000 high schools access to Intro or AP Computer Science courses; award 100 students with four-year scholarships, as well as offer guaranteed and paid Amazon internships to gain work experience. Amazon Future Engineer is part of Amazon’s investment in computer science/STEM education. In addition, Amazon Future Engineer has donated more than to organizations that promote computer science/STEM education across the country. Schools, administrators, and teachers interested in applying to any stage of the Amazon Future Engineer program can apply and learn more here. For more information about Amazon Future Engineer, check out About Amazon. About ‘Amazon in the Community’ Amazon is committed to ensuring all children and young adults, especially those from underprivileged, underrepresented, and underserved communities, have the resources and skills they need to build their best future. Amazon focuses on building long-term, innovative, and high impact programs that leverage Amazon’s unique assets and culture. Programs include Amazon Future Engineer, designed to inspire and excite children and young adults from underprivileged and underrepresented communities to pursue an education in computer science, as well as programs that support “Right Now Needs,” fighting childhood hunger, family homelessness, and disaster relief. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Company’s investment will divert 1 million tons of recyclable material from landfill into the recycling stream eliminating the equivalent of 2 million metric tons of CO2 by 2028 Amazon’s support will provide 3 million households across the U.S. with curbside recycling Initiative adds to Amazon’s waste reduction efforts, including its Frustration-Free Packaging program that has eliminated over 500 million boxes and more than 244,000 tons of packaging materials over the last 10 years SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 16, 2018-- (NASDAQ: AMZN) –Amazon today announced that it will invest in Closed Loop Fund to support recycling infrastructure in the United States. Amazon’s investment will increase the availability of curbside recycling for 3 million homes in communities across the country, making it easier for customers to recycle and further develop end markets for recycled commodities. The investment will divert 1 million tons of recyclable material from landfill into the recycling stream and eliminate the equivalent of 2 million metric tons of CO2 by 2028—equivalent to shutting down a coal-fired power plant for six months. Roughly half of Americans today lack access to convenient, sufficient curbside recycling at their homes. Closed Loop Fund finances the building of advanced recycling infrastructure and services, bringing this invaluable service to the community while saving taxpayers and municipalities money. “This investment will help build the local capabilities needed to make it easier for our customers and their communities to recycle and to increase the amount of material recycled across the country,” said Dave Clark, Amazon’s Senior Vice President of Worldwide Operations. “We are investing in Closed Loop Fund’s work because we think everyone should have access to easy, convenient curbside recycling. The more we are all able to recycle, the more we can reduce our collective energy, carbon, and water footprint.” Closed Loop Fund invests in sustainable consumer goods, advanced recycling technologies, and the development of the circular economy. It aims over the next 10 years to eliminate more than 16 million tons of greenhouse gas, divert more than 8 million cumulative tons of waste from landfills, improve recycling for more than 18 million households, and save nearly for American cities. CEO of Closed Loop Fund Ron Gonen added, “Amazon's investment in Closed Loop Fund is another example of how recycling is good business in America. Companies are seeing that they can meet consumer demand and reduce costs while supporting a more sustainable future and growing good jobs across the country. We applaud Amazon's commitment to cut waste, and we hope their leadership drives other brands and retailers to follow suit." Solving customers’ needs for recycling can create economic benefits in the cities and towns where they live. Increasing the amount of recycled materials available can also lead to a lower cost of goods sold, and lessen the impacts of transportation, as there is no need to ship waste to landfills. Cities also directly benefit through increased cash flow and jobs, as most recycling is done locally. Amazon’s investment in Closed Loop Fund furthers Amazon’s longstanding commitment to reducing packaging waste through its Frustration-Free Packaging programs, which are designed to produce less waste than traditional packaging. Amazon works directly with thousands of manufacturers to help them redesign their packaging, eliminate waste throughout the supply chain, and ensure products arrive undamaged on customers’ doorsteps. Amazon introduced Frustration-Free Packaging 10 years ago, and it has eliminated more than 244,000 tons of packaging materials to date, avoiding 500 million shipping boxes. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Founded in 2014, Closed Loop Fund is a social impact investment fund that provides cities and recycling companies access to the capital required to build comprehensive recycling programs. Closed Loop Fund aims to invest by 2020 with the goal to create economic value for cities by increasing recycling rates in communities across America and build circular supply chains. Closed Loop Fund brings together the world’slargest consumer product, retail, and financial companies committed to finding a national solution to divert waste from landfills into the recycling stream in order to be used in the manufacturing supply chain.
Brands apply a unique Transparency code to every product unit they manufacture, enabling detection and preventing sales of inauthentic products – which better protects both brands and customers from counterfeit. This geographic expansion builds on the over 4000 brands that have enrolled in Transparency in the US and have generated over 300 million unique codes. SEATTLE—July 10, 2019—Today, Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) announced the expansion of Transparency, its product serialization service, to France, Germany, Italy, Spain, U.K., India, and Canada. When brands use Transparency to apply unique codes to their products, customers, brands, Amazon, and other participants in the supply chain are able to authenticate every unit of a product, better protecting brands and customers from counterfeits at scale. Unique serialization for every product unit is the most effective way to tackle and prevent counterfeits throughout the supply chain, and Transparency’s geographic expansion is the latest in Amazon’s continued investment in scalable, technology-driven solutions to prevent counterfeit. “Counterfeiting is an industry-wide concern – both online and offline. We find the most effective solutions to prevent counterfeit are based on partnerships that combine Amazon’s technology innovation with the sophisticated knowledge and capabilities of brands,” said Dharmesh Mehta, vice president, Amazon Customer Trust and Partner Support. “We created Transparency to provide brands with a simple, scalable solution that empowers brands and Amazon to authenticate products within the supply chain, stopping counterfeit before it reaches a customer.” Transparency is a product serialization service that provides a unique code for every unit that is manufactured. Brands put these codes on its products and every time one of these products is ordered in Amazon’s stores, Amazon scans and verifies the code to ensure only authentic units reach customers. Additionally, customers can use a mobile app to scan the code and verify authenticity regardless of where they purchased their units. Brands can also use Transparency to communicate unique unit-level information, including manufacturing date, manufacturing place, or other enhanced product information (e.g., ingredients). More than 4,000 brands are enrolled in Transparency in the U.S., ranging from startups to Fortune 500 companies. Hundreds of brands continue to enroll into the service every month. These brands have generated over 300 million unique codes, allowing Amazon to proactively stop over 250,000 counterfeits of Transparency-enabled products from reaching customers. In 2019, for products fully on-boarded into the Transparency service, there have been zero reports of counterfeit from brands or customers who purchased these products on Amazon. "Amazon’s proactive approach and investment in tools like Transparency have allowed us to grow consumer confidence in our products and prevent inauthentic product from ending up in the hands of our customers,” said Matt Petersen, Chief Executive Officer at Neato Robotics, a maker of smart robotic vacuum cleaners. “Blocking counterfeits from the source has always been a tough task for us – it’s something all brand owners face through nearly all channels around the world,” said Bill Mei, Chief Executive Officer at Cowin, a manufacturer of noise cancelling audio devices. “After we joined Transparency, our counterfeit problem just disappeared for products protected by the program.” Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon has lent more than to small businesses in the last 12 months Amazon provides small businesses access to more than 300 million active customer accounts worldwide SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jun. 8, 2017-- (NASDAQ: AMZN) – Amazon today announced Amazon Lending surpassed in loans to small businesses to date since the program launched in 2011. Amazon Lending offers short-term business loans, for up to 12 months, to invited micro, small and medium businesses selling on Amazon to help them grow their business. With access to more than 300 million active customer accounts worldwide, Amazon provides small businesses the opportunity to quickly reach customers in their neighborhood and around the globe. “We created Amazon Lending to make it simple for up-and-coming small businesses to efficiently get a business loan, because we know that an infusion of capital at the right moment can put a small business on the path to even greater success,” said Peeyush Nahar, Vice President for Amazon Marketplace. “Small businesses are in our DNA. Amazon is providing capital to small businesses to help them expand inventory and operations at a critical period of their growth. We understand that a small loan can go a long way.” • In the last 12 months, Amazon has lent more than to small businesses. • More than 20,000 small businesses have received a loan from Amazon. • More than 50 percent of the small businesses Amazon lends to take a second loan from Amazon. • Amazon has issued loans to small businesses across the U.S., U.K., and Japan. • Invited small businesses are able to apply for loans ranging from . Half of the items sold on Amazon worldwide are from small businesses that offer their products through Amazon Marketplace, many of whom also choose to use Fulfillment by Amazon as a way of making their items Prime eligible. Small businesses and entrepreneurs selling on Amazon come from every state in the U.S., and from more than 130 different countries around the world. Amazon began inviting small businesses to sell on Amazon to increase selection and ensure customers could find and discover anything they wanted to buy online. “Amazon has had a hugely positive impact on our business,” said Caleb Light, Vice President of Sales for Power Practical, in Salt Lake City, Utah. “Traditional funding vehicles wouldn't support our model of direct to consumer and we needed help. Amazon stepped in and is a great partner for us. The loans from Amazon Lending enabled us to expand inventory and resulted in us having a very strong and successful 2016.” “Customers expect to be able to buy LonoLife on Amazon. The loan from Amazon Lending gave LonoLife the ability to procure bulk raw materials and packaging to build inventory to keep up with incredible customer demand,” said Lawrence Holland, President of LonoLife Inc., based in Oceanside, Calif. “Amazon’s willingness to provide LonoLife capital ensured that we are able to keep our products in stock and gave us the opportunity to grow our product offering.” Businesses interested in selling on Amazon can visit http://services.amazon.com. To view inspiring stories of inventors, authors, and small business owners who are transforming their lives and pursuing their dreams with Amazon, check out Transformations. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
New headquarters will be a full equal to Amazon’s headquarters in Seattle, and is expected to grow to 50,000 employees as part of the company’s ongoing job creation Amazon plans to invest over in construction and operation of Amazon HQ2 In addition to Amazon’s direct hiring and investment, construction and operation of Amazon HQ2 is expected to create tens of thousands of jobs in construction and related industries, and generate tens of billions of dollars in additional investment in the city where Amazon HQ2 is located SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sep. 7, 2017-- (NASDAQ: AMZN)—Amazon today announced plans to open Amazon HQ2, a second company headquarters in North America. Amazon expects to invest over in construction and grow this second headquarters to include as many as 50,000 high-paying jobs. In addition to Amazon’s direct hiring and investment, construction and ongoing operation of Amazon HQ2 is expected to create tens of thousands of additional jobs and tens of billions of dollars in additional investment in the surrounding community. Amazon is opening the Amazon HQ2 Request for Proposal (“RFP”) now, and local and state government leaders interested in learning more about how they can bring Amazon to their community can visit www.amazon.com/amazonHQ2. Amazon estimates its investments in Seattle from 2010 through 2016 resulted in an additional to the city’s economy – every dollar invested by Amazon in Seattle generated an additional for the city’s economy overall. With more than 380,000 employees worldwide, Amazon ranks #1 on Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies, #2 on Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies, #1 on The Harris Poll’s Corporate Reputation survey, and #2 on LinkedIn’s U.S. most desirable companies list. Amazon was also recently included in the Military Times’ Best for Vets list of companies committed to providing opportunities for military veterans. “We expect HQ2 to be a full equal to our Seattle headquarters,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon founder and CEO. “Amazon HQ2 will bring billions of dollars in up-front and ongoing investments, and tens of thousands of high-paying jobs. We’re excited to find a second home.” In choosing the location for HQ2, Amazon has a preference for: • Metropolitan areas with more than one million people • Urban or suburban locations with the potential to attract and retain strong technical talent • Communities that think big and creatively when considering locations and real estate options HQ2 could be, but does not have to be: • A development-prepped site. We want to encourage states and communities to think creatively for viable real estate options, while not negatively affecting our preferred timeline. Amazon HQ2 will be a complete headquarters for Amazon – not a satellite office. Amazon expects to hire new teams and executives in HQ2, and will also let existing senior leaders across the company decide whether to locate their teams in HQ1, HQ2 or both. The company expects that employees who are currently working in HQ1 can choose to continue working there, or they could have an opportunity to move if they would prefer to be located in HQ2. To learn more about Amazon’s current Seattle headquarters, plans for Amazon HQ2, and to submit a proposal, visit www.amazon.com/amazonHQ2. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. This press release contains forward-looking statements that are inherently difficult to predict. Actual results could differ materially for a variety of reasons, including, in addition to the factors discussed above, the amount that Amazon.com invests in new business opportunities and the timing of those investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix of net sales derived from products as compared with services, the extent to which we owe income taxes, competition, management of growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international growth and expansion, the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of inventory management, seasonality, the degree to which the Company enters into, maintains, and develops commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of fulfillment throughput and productivity. Other risks and uncertainties include, among others, risks related to new products, services, and technologies, system interruptions, government regulation and taxation, and fraud. In addition, the current global economic climate amplifies many of these risks. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com’s financial results is included in Amazon.com’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
Amazon Provides Robotics Grants to 100 Schools in Underserved and Underrepresented Communities Across the Country to Inspire Next Generation of Computer Scientists The Amazon Future Engineer grants fund FIRST robotics program registrations to start a robotics club, to expand access to computer science education, and a personal tour of a local Amazon fulfillment center Thousands of children in 100 schools across 21 states set to benefit starting in the fall Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part, childhood-to-career program that works to inspire and educate 10 million children and young adults each year from underrepresented and underserved communities to pursue careers in the fast-growing field of computer science and coding SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr. 12, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) and FIRST today announced that 100 schools serving students from underrepresented and underserved communities from across the country will receive an Amazon Future Engineer Robotics Grant to inspire the next generation of computer scientists. The 100 schools across 21 states will receive support to launch FIRST robotics teams, including teacher professional development to learn about robotics, from Amazon to expand access to computer science education in their school, and a tour of a local Amazon fulfillment center. Read more about the new program here. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190412005073/en/ FIRST’s mission is to inspire young people to be science and technology leaders and innovators by engaging them in exciting mentor-based programs that build science, engineering, and technology skills to students in grades K-12. Data from a 5-year longitudinal study of FIRST by Brandeis University shows competitive FIRST robotics programs works for all youth. Across all demographic groups (gender, race, economic status and geography), FIRST students show significant gains in STEM knowledge, STEM interest, STEM career interest, STEM identity, and STEM activity compared to their peers who don’t participate. FIRST students are more likely to major in tech-focused science fields in college; by their second year of college, over 50 percent declare majors in engineering or technology. The impact on young women in FIRST is particularly profound. By their first year of college, female alumnae of FIRST are 3.6 times more likely to take an engineering course, and 1.9 times more likely to take a computer science course than female comparison students. “Our students have been working incredibly hard over the course of their educational journeys to be in a position to take rigorous computer science courses, and this experience visiting the fulfillment center, as well as the support to expand our programming next year, is so empowering to them,” said Jake Kuhnline, Assistant Director of Teaching & Learning, KIPP Columbus in Columbus, Ohio. “It's rare that I hear a bus full of high schoolers talking about robotics, computer science, and the future of programming, but that trip generated that much enthusiasm.” “The Amazon Future Engineer Robotics Grant is a game changer for middle and high school students throughout 53 KIPP schools around the country,” said Dave Levin, co-founder of KIPP Public Schools. “The generosity of Amazon will ensure more KIPP students than ever will have the opportunity not only to pursue successful careers in STEM, but help diversify the industry for future generations.” "Amazon is helping FIRST in our goal to make robotics teams and programs available in every school,” said Dean Kamen, founder of FIRST and president of DEKA Research & Development. “In FIRST, every kid on every team can go pro. They gain a hands-on learning pathway in technology, computer science and engineering that propels them forward and inspires innovation." “We can’t wait to bring thousands of students into Amazon’s fulfillment centers to show them the amazing technology operating behind the scenes,” said Jeff Wilke, CEO Consumer Worldwide, Amazon. “These students are the innovators of the future, and we’re confident that this hands-on experience provided by Amazon Future Engineer will inspire them in their academic pursuits and beyond.” The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that by 2020 there will be 1.4 million computer-science-related jobs available and only 400,000 computer science graduates with the skills to apply for those jobs. Computer science is the fastest-growing profession within the Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) field, but only 8% of STEM graduates earn a computer science degree, with a tiny minority from underprivileged backgrounds. Students from underprivileged backgrounds are 8 to 10 times more likely to pursue college degrees in computer science if they have taken AP computer science in high school. Launched in November, 2018, Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part childhood-to-career program intended to inspire, educate, and prepare children and young adults from underrepresented and underserved communities to pursue careers in the fast-growing field of computer science. Each year, Amazon Future Engineer aims to inspire more than 10 million kids to explore computer science; provide over 100,000 young people in over 2,000 high schools access to Intro or AP Computer Science courses; award 100 students with four-year scholarships, as well as offer guaranteed and paid Amazon internships to gain work experience. Amazon Future Engineer is part of Amazon’s investment in computer science/STEM education. In addition, Amazon Future Engineer has donated more than to organizations that promote computer science/STEM education across the country. About Amazon in the Community Amazon is committed to ensuring all children and young adults, especially those from underprivileged, underrepresented, and underserved communities, have the resources and skills they need to build their best future. Amazon focuses on building long-term, innovative, and high impact programs that leverage Amazon’s unique assets and culture. Initiatives include Amazon Future Engineer, designed to inspire and excite 10 million children and young adults from underrepresented and underserved communities each year to pursue an education in computer science, as well as programs that support immediate needs, including fighting childhood hunger by providing access to millions of breakfasts annually through its nationwide Rise and Smile program, addressing family homelessness through donations and housing a homeless shelter in its Seattle headquarters, and global relief efforts for people in need following natural disasters. Accomplished inventor Dean Kamen founded FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) in 1989 to inspire an appreciation of science and technology in young people. Based in Manchester, N.H., FIRST designs accessible, innovative programs to build self-confidence, knowledge, and life skills while motivating young people to pursue opportunities in science, technology, and engineering. With support from over 200 of the Fortune 500 companies and more than in college scholarships, the not-for-profit organization hosts the FIRSTRobotics Competition for students in Grades 9-12; FIRST Tech Challenge for Grades 7-12; FIRST LEGO League for Grades 4-8; and FIRST LEGO League Jr. for Grades K-4. Gracious Professionalism is a way of doing things that encourages high-quality work, emphasizes the value of others, and respects individuals and the community. To learn more about FIRST, go to www.firstinspires.org. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Coming from Amazon Original Stories in September 2019, Forward will offer readers mind-bending, binge-worthy short stories from some of today’s most acclaimed authors SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr. 16, 2019-- (NASDAQ: AMZN)—Amazon Original Stories, an imprint of Amazon Publishing, announced today the forthcoming six-part science-fiction collection Forward, featuring original short stories from some of today’s most celebrated voices in fiction, including Blake Crouch, N. K. Jemisin, Veronica Roth, Amor Towles, Paul Tremblay, and Andy Weir. Forward will be available for free on September 17th, 2019 to Prime and Kindle Unlimited customers. Readers can download the collection as a Kindle eBook or Audible audiobook. Forward explores a central theme: the resounding effects of a pivotal technological moment. While each author started with this same prompt, readers will discover that each story unearths a unique corner of the sci-fi genre, ranging from intimate to epic, grounded to far future, hopeful to harrowing. Andy Weir (Artemis, The Martian)imagines a high-tech Las Vegas casino heist; Paul Tremblay (The Cabin at the End of the World) immerses readers in a patient’s mysteriously slow healing process; Amor Towles (A Gentleman in Moscow)explores a fertility clinic’s god-like abilities to alter an unborn child’s life path; Veronica Roth (Divergent trilogy) spins a story of finding connection in the face of our world’s certain destruction; N.K. Jemisin (The Broken Earth series) subverts all expectations when an explorer returns to the ravaged Earth his ancestors fled; and Blake Crouch (Dark Matter) follows a video game designer whose character Maxine unexpectedly “wakes up.” “Each story in the Forward collection stands alone as a singular achievement in science fiction, imagined by a storyteller at the top of their game,” said Mikyla Bruder, Publisher, Amazon Publishing. “In this ambitious collection, these writers deliver a formidable reading experience that will delight their fans and thrill readers new to their work.” “I find the theme of the Forward collection particularly exciting,” said Veronica Roth, New York Timesbestselling author of the Divergent trilogy. “Sci-fi often skews toward wariness of the future, for good reason, but this collection prompted me to tap into the other side of it, into wonder and imagination. It was a welcome challenge!” “The short story is one of the hardest, most rewarding forms in fiction, and with Amazon Original Stories, we had the tools to gather together the best of the best in sci-fi, fantasy, YA, horror, and historical and bring these groundbreaking stories to a true mass audience,” said Blake Crouch, bestselling author of Dark Matter and the curator of Forward. Crouch’s Wayward Pines trilogy and his novel Good Behavior, both of which were adapted for television, were also published by Amazon Publishing, under the Thomas & Mercer imprint. “Amazon Original Stories is all about innovating on what storytelling looks like today, and Forward’s all-star cast of beloved authors is helping us do just that,” said Julia Sommerfeld, Editorial Director, Amazon Original Stories. “We think of our story collections as reading’s answer to podcasts, and are proud to offer our readers—and listeners—fresh ways to fit binge-worthy narratives into their lives.” Launched in 2017, Amazon Original Stories brings unforgettable short fiction and nonfiction to Kindle. Past collections include the Amazon Original Stories and Amazon Studios joint acquisition The Fairer Sex by Michelle Miller, Warmer by Lauren Groff, Jane Smiley, Jess Walter, and more, and Dark Corners, which features Lisa Unger’s Edgar Award-nominated short The Sleep Tight Motel. Each story is available free to Prime members, as well as Kindle Unlimited subscribers, and is available for download for non-subscribers beginning at . Amazon Publishing is a leading publisher of trade fiction, nonfiction, and children’s books with a mission to empower outstanding storytellers and connect them with readers worldwide. The Amazon Publishing teams based in Seattle, New York, Grand Haven, Luxembourg, London, Paris, Madrid, Milan, and Munich publish emerging, bestselling and critically-acclaimed authors in digital, print, and audio formats. For more information, visit apub.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
States with large rural populations have the fastest-growing small and medium-sized businesses according to Amazon report Recent study from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce found that unlocking the digital potential of rural small businesses could add to the U.S. GDP per year More than half of the items sold in Amazon’s stores are from small and medium-sized businesses SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 1, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) today announced the 10 states with the fastest-growing small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) selling in Amazon’s stores. The report examined year-over-year sales growth of businesses selling in Amazon’s stores across all 50 states and found that SMBs in Mississippi are growing the fastest, with businesses in Nebraska, Maine, Texas, and Indiana rounding out the top five. Third-party gross physical merchandise sales – primarily comprised of SMBs selling in Amazon stores – surpassed in 2018 and make up more than half of the units sold in Amazon’s stores. “We’re thrilled to see so many small businesses in states with large rural populations like Mississippi, Maine, Vermont, and North Dakota growing their sales fastest in our stores,” said Nick Denissen, VP at Amazon. “Online selling enables rural businesses to complement their offline sales in physical stores by reaching customers they wouldn’t otherwise have access to as easily. Research shows that increased adoption of online tools and digital services could grow annual revenues of rural small businesses by 21% over the next three years and create 360,000 jobs in rural communities. Amazon continues to invest billions of dollars to develop tools and services that help small businesses reach new customers.” The top 10 states with the fastest-growing SMBs: A recent study conducted with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce showed that nearly 20 percent of rural small businesses in America generate at least 80 percent of their revenue by selling their products and services online. The study also found that online tools and technology have the highest potential impact on rural small businesses with revenue under . “Small businesses in rural America are significant contributors to the U.S. economy. Access to digital tools allows rural small businesses to successfully start, scale and compete in a global economy – regardless of their size and location,” said Tim Day, senior vice president of C_TEC, the U.S. Chamber’s Technology Engagement Center. “Since joining Amazon Handmade in 2015, my sales have doubled year-over-year,” said Casey Everett, owner of Hearth and Harrow based in Rockport, Maine. “Selling online has allowed me to create a business I love in a community that I love. With Amazon, I’m able to reach customers in Germany from my home-studio in Maine – it’s incredible.” Small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores come from every state in the U.S., and more than 130 countries around the world. In 2018, more than 50,000 SMBs exceeded in sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide, and nearly 200,000 surpassed in sales. The number of SMBs eclipsing in sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide grew by 20 percent last year. To help small and medium-sized businesses thrive, Amazon last year created Amazon Storefronts, a store for customers to shop exclusively from U.S. small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores. With Storefronts, customers can shop a curated collection of over one million products and deals from nearly 20,000 U.S. small and medium-sized businesses, and learn more about profiled businesses through featured videos and stories. The company is also hosting a variety of events to educate sellers, including Amazon Academy events across Europe, the Boost Conference specifically for businesses using Fulfillment by Amazon, and the new Selling Partner Summits across the U.S. The new Selling Partner Summits are a series of six conferences designed to help sellers grow their business in Amazon’s stores. The Selling Partner Summits, which were announced in February, sold out quickly in just six weeks. To learn more about small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores, visit: aboutamazon.com/smallbusiness. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Selling Partner Conferences Sell Out in Six Weeks, with 1,800+ Small and Medium Sized Businesses Set to Learn about How to Build and Grow their Sales Online Events will run in Fort Lauderdale, FL; Chicago, IL; Los Angeles, CA; and Seattle, WA between March and October 2019 Attendees will learn how to leverage tools and resources to help their business succeed in Amazon’s Stores, prepare for seasonal surges, network with fellow sellers, and get one-to-one help from Amazon's selling experts More than half of units sold in Amazon’s stores are from small and medium-sized businesses, with over a million U.S.-based small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Mar. 25, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced that its new Selling Partner Summits, a series of six conferences for small and medium-sized business (SMBs) to help them build their business in Amazon’s stores, have sold out in just six weeks. More than 1,800 SMBs are set to attend the nationwide events between March and October. The Summits are part of Amazon’s significant investment to help businesses succeed in selling their products online. Each Summit will feature an Amazon-led educational track, experts lounge, and product labs to help small businesses build and grow their sales in Amazon’s stores. Participants will learn directly from Amazon's experts and meet like-minded Amazon sellers to network, learn, and share success stories. The first event will be held in Ft. Lauderdale, FL on March 26-27. Later in 2019, the Summits will be hosted in Chicago, Los Angeles, and Seattle. “We are a champion of small business across America, investing heavily to help over a million businesses sell their products in Amazon Stores while creating economic opportunity and jobs for hundreds of thousands of people across the country,” said Pete Sauerborn, VP of Selling Partner Recruitment and Development for Amazon. “As part of our commitment to empowering small business, these summits are another powerful tool to help them learn how to sell online and grow their sales.” At the Summits, attendees will have an Amazon-led educational track based on their business model and how long they’ve been selling. The educational tracks are segmented as New Brand Owner, Established Brand Owner, New Reseller, and Established Resellers. Each track is engineered for sellers to walk away from the event with knowledge and insights to help them scale their business and better identify the growth levers that make the most sense for their business. The Selling Partner Summit Series will feature sessions designed to help sellers grow their business, including: • Customer Obsession: Understand your pivotal role in Amazon’s commitment to maintaining outstanding customer experience. • The Selling Partner Journey: Get an overview of the tools and programs available to sellers and how they can help you grow your business. • Inventory & Fulfillment: Study up on fulfillment options and inventory management best practices to prevent stock-outs and plan for seasonal sales surges. • Discovery: Learn how to help Amazon customers find your products via listing creation, search optimization, and advertising opportunities. • Account Health: Understand the policies, metrics, and processes pertaining to your account health. • Featured Offers (buy box): Make sense of featured offer eligibility and the performance-based requirements products must meet to 'win the featured offer.' • Amazon Expert Lounge: Ask your remaining questions 1:1 in the Expert Lounge after completing the educational tracks. Registration for the new Selling Partner Summit Series opened on February 6th and sold out quickly in just six weeks. Amazon has previously hosted events to help sellers including Amazon Academy events across Europe and the Boost Conference in the U.S., specifically for businesses using the Fulfillment by Amazon service. More than half of units sold in Amazon’s stores are from SMBs. The 2018 Amazon Small Business Impact Report revealed that there are more than one million U.S.-based SMBs selling in Amazon’s stores, and SMBs are estimated to have created more than 900,000 jobs worldwide to support their sales through Amazon. In 2018, more than 50,000 small and medium-sized businesses exceeded in sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide, and nearly 200,000 surpassed in sales. The number of small and medium-sized businesses eclipsing in sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide grew by 20 percent last year. To learn more about the Selling Partner Summit Series, visit here. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon has partnered with GE Capital Aviation Services to lease an additional fifteen Boeing 737-800 aircraft that will enter the air network by 2021 SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jun. 18, 2019-- (NASDAQ:AMZN) – Amazon continues to invest in ways to provide fast, free shipping for customers. Today, at the International Paris Air Show, the company announced a partnership with GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) to lease an additional fifteen Boeing 737-800 cargo aircraft. These fifteen aircraft will be in addition to the five Boeing 737-800’s already leased from GECAS and announced earlier this year. The aircraft will fly in the United States out of the more than 20 air gateways in the Amazon Air network. “These new aircraft create additional capacity for Amazon Air, building on the investment in our Prime Free One-Day program,” said Dave Clark, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Operations at Amazon. “By 2021, Amazon Air will have a portfolio of 70 aircraft flying in our dedicated air network.” “We’re delighted to support Amazon Air’s dedicated air network,” said Richard Greener, GECAS Cargo’s Senior Vice President. “The capability of the 737-800 freighter will further Amazon’s ability to provide reliable and regional delivery to its customers for years to come.” Amazon Air’s operation launched in 2016 supporting package delivery to the rapidly growing number of customers who love fast delivery, affordable prices and vast selection. With advanced algorithms and software used for capacity and route planning, the Amazon Air operation can transport hundreds of thousands of packages per day. Amazon will open new air facilities this year at Fort Worth Alliance Airport, Wilmington Air Park, and Chicago Rockford International Airport. The main Air Hub at the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport will open in 2021. Since its launch, Amazon’s air cargo operation has invested millions of dollars and created thousands of new jobs at locations across the U.S. Amazon has launched several initiatives to ensure fast delivery speeds and supply chain capacity for its customers, including its Delivery Service Partner program, Amazon Flex, the company’s mobile application that allows individuals to sign-up, be vetted and begin delivering for Amazon, a dedicated network of over 10,000 trailers to increase trucking capacity and, now, the expanded fleet of cargo aircraft. These efforts join Amazon’s robust worldwide network of more than 185 fulfillment centers where the company uses high-end algorithms, robotics, machine learning and other technological innovations to increase delivery speeds for customers. Amazon is now bringing the same technological expertise to efforts in the transportation space to increase shipping capacity for customers. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
The international best-selling thriller icon will publish the first of five books, Devoted, with Thomas & Mercer next spring, but readers won’t have to wait that long for their next read from Dean Koontz—his short thriller collection, Nameless, launches free for Prime and Kindle Unlimited customers from Amazon Original Stories in November. SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 22, 2019-- Amazon Publishing (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced it has signed international best-selling author Dean Koontz for a five-book deal and a collection of six short thrillers. Thomas & Mercer will publish the first book, Devoted, next spring, and Nameless, the short thriller collection, will be available from Amazon Original Stories for free to Prime and Kindle Unlimited customers on November 12th. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190722005123/en/ “For many years, I have enjoyed a wonderful relationship with Brilliance Audio, an Amazon company, and later with Amazon Original Stories,” says Dean Koontz. “Although there were numerous options for the future, it was most natural to sign with the team at Amazon Publishing, which presented a marketing and publicity plan smarter and more ambitious than anything I’d ever seen before. This new arrangement is so exciting, I’ve been creatively rejuvenated. The times are changing, and it’s invigorating to be where change is understood and embraced.” “We are honored Dean has chosen Amazon Publishing to bring his newest work to readers,” says Mikyla Bruder, Publisher of Amazon Publishing. “Building on the success of Dean’s Amazon Charts best-selling short story, Ricochet Joe, our first publication together, we’re excited to expand our relationship with five new books from Thomas & Mercer and an episodic collection of short thrillers from Amazon Original Stories, delivering the kind of exhilarating and deeply resonant suspense his millions of fans expect and we know new readers will love.” Amazon Publishing Editorial Director Grace Doyle acquired North American rights in the five-book deal for the mystery, thriller, and true crime imprint, Thomas & Mercer, and Editorial Director Julia Sommerfeld acquired World English in the collection deal for the digital- and audio-only imprint, Amazon Original Stories. Koontz is represented by Richard Pine and Kimberly Witherspoon of InkWell Management and Richard Heller of Frankfurt Kurnit Klein & Selz. “Even when an author’s books have sold over 500 million copies, there are new horizons to explore and readers who haven’t yet discovered his work,” say Richard Pine and Kimberly Witherspoon of InkWell Management. “Dean is at the peak of his storytelling powers and Amazon has committed to a highly ambitious and creative publishing plan that’s certain to delight his existing fans and create millions of new ones.” The first book in the deal, Devoted, introduces Megan Bookman, an artist and widow whose every adversity has made her stronger, a golden retriever named Kipp—one of a community of self-aware, strangely gifted dogs living secretly among us—and Megan’s son Woody, a brilliant but unspeaking autistic boy who seeks vengeance against his father’s killers. In this epic thriller, Kipp, Woody, Megan, and their extended family confront a terrifying threat to all humanity. Devoted is planned for publication in spring 2020. Readers can follow Koontz on Amazon.com to receive new release updates. Koontz’s Nameless collection features six short thrillers following a mysterious amnesiac vigilante called Nameless, who travels from town to town, dispensing justice when the law fails. Directed by a shadowy, powerful organization and driven by splintered visions of the past and future, he’s headed toward the ultimate confrontation—with his own past. Readers and listeners can download the collection as a Kindle eBook or as an Audible audiobook on November 12th. When he was a senior in college, Koontz won an Atlantic Monthly fiction competition and has been writing ever since. His books are published in 38 languages and he has sold over 500 million copies to date. Fourteen of his novels have risen to number one on the New York Times hardcover best-seller list, making him one of only a dozen writers ever to have achieved that milestone. Sixteen of his books have risen to the number one position in paperback. His books have also been major best-sellers in countries as diverse as Japan and Sweden. In December 2017, Amazon Original Stories published Koontz’s Amazon Charts best-selling short story, Ricochet Joe, a supernatural thriller about an average Joe in extraordinary danger. Amazon Publishing is a leading trade publisher of fiction, nonfiction, and children’s books with a mission to empower outstanding storytellers and connect them with readers worldwide. The Amazon Publishing teams based in Seattle, New York, Grand Haven, Luxembourg, London, Madrid, Milan, and Munich publish emerging, best-selling and critically-acclaimed authors in digital, print, and audio formats. For more information, visit www.apub.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Luxembourg, February 4, 2008 - (BUSINESS WIRE) - Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN) and LOVEFiLM International (www.lovefilm.com), today announced that LOVEFiLM will acquire Amazon's Europe's DVD rental business in the United Kingdom and Germany. As part of this transaction, Amazon Europe will also make a cash investment and become the largest shareholder in LOVEFiLM International Ltd., and finally, the two companies will enter into a multi-year marketing agreement in which Amazon Europe will promote LOVEFiLM's services on its sites for UK and German customers. Completion of the deal is subject to regulatory approval in the UK and Germany. Following completion of this deal, the new LOVEFiLM subscriber base will total over 900,000 customers predominantly in the UK and Germany, but also in the Nordics (Sweden, Norway, and Denmark). "As one of Europe's largest online DVD rental businesses, LOVEFiLM is well established to serve customers' increasing demand for entertainment," said Greg Greeley, Amazon's vice president of European retail. "Our investment will enable LOVEFiLM to grow the business further and we are excited to be part of their future." Simon Calver, CEO of LOVEFiLM International said, "Customers are faced with an astonishing array of choices in the entertainment world these days. LOVEFiLM International will ensure that Amazon Europe's customers get the best possible DVD rental service. We will be delighted to welcome all Amazon Europe customers to the LOVEFiLM service. This new, bigger customer base will give us an even better position from which to build LOVEFiLM as the best place for customers to find film." Amazon Europe will continue to operate the DVD rental business on behalf of LOVEFiLM for a period of time following the close of the transaction to ensure an efficient transition and smooth customer experience. No staff reductions are planned at Amazon's German or UK operations as a result of the business transfer. LOVEFiLM provides DVD rental subscription service in the UK, Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Germany. It offers a range of online DVD rental options in each country. These packages include unlimited and capped DVD rentals each month, free postage and no late fees. LOVEFiLM UK offers over 65,000 unique titles (including games), cinema listings and ticket sales, as well as a fast-growing film download service. LOVEFiLM's customers have access to movie news, reviews, trailers, editorial content and other community features, and have generated over 56 million film ratings and over 600,000 reviews. LOVEFiLM has won the prestigious British Video Association's award for the UK's Best Rental Service in 2005, 2006 and 2007. LOVEFiLM launched the first UK mass market movie download service to its UK subscriber base in December 2005. Customers can download-to-rent or download-to-own from a choice of over 2,500 titles. Short films and full-length feature films are available from major Hollywood studios including Universal, Fox, Warner Bros., Sony, Momentum and Icon. Lovefilm launched its fast growing German service under a pilot with Deutsche Post and has most recently announced a white label partnership with one of Germany's leading cinema chains, UCI. LOVEFiLM is actively supported by four of the leading venture capital firms in Europe - Arts Alliance Media, Balderton Capital, Index Ventures and DFJ Esprit. Amazon.com, Inc., (NASDAQ: AMZN), a Fortune 500 company based in Seattle, opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995 and today offers Earth's Biggest Selection. Amazon.com, Inc. seeks to be Earth's most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavors to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.com and other sellers offer millions of unique new, refurbished and used items in categories such as books, movies, music & games, digital downloads, electronics & computers, home & garden, toys, kids & baby, grocery, apparel, shoes & jewelry, health & beauty, sports & outdoors, tools, auto & industrial. Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.de and Amazon.fr are trading names for Amazon EU S.a.r.l. and Amazon Services Europe S.a.r.l. Both are wholly owned subsidiaries of Amazon.com, Inc. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, and the Joyo Amazon websites at www.joyo.cn and www.amazon.cn. As used herein, "Amazon.com," "we," "our" and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, significant amount of indebtedness, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, and subsequent filings.
Next summer, the best-selling author, actor, and producer will offer her fresh take on life, love, and single mommy-hood in a series of bite-sized essays spanning the past few years SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 28, 2019-- (NASDAQ: AMZN)—Amazon Original Stories, an imprint of Amazon Publishing, announced today Mindy Kaling’s forthcoming essay collection, coming in summer 2020. Kaling’s essays will be available for free to Prime and Kindle Unlimited customers. Readers and listeners can download the collection as a Kindle eBook or as an Audible audiobook, which Kaling will narrate herself. Kaling is represented by Richard Abate, 3 Arts Entertainment. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190528005049/en/ The beloved best-selling author, actor, and producer will share laugh-out-loud, heartwarming, and highly-relatable dispatches from the latest chapter of her life, like the ups and downs of being her own husband, friendship in the time of babies, watching The Handmaid’s Tale while pregnant, and hanging with fabulous and inspiring women like Reese, Sandy, and Oprah (OK, maybe that last one’s not as relatable). In her two best-selling memoirs, Why Not Me? and Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?, readers fell in love with Mindy’s awkward coming-of-age stories and rooted for her bold dreams. Now, Kaling shares her charming and intimate reflections on life changes—big and small—from the past few years. “It’s so exciting for me to share the secrets of how I balance being a professional writer, actor, and single mom in a new collection of essays,” says Mindy Kaling. “I mean, it would be so exciting to share those secrets. I don’t have them. Like, not even close. This morning I bribed my baby with a remote control to get my car keys back. But I do have funny stories about my life and I can’t wait for you to read them.” This summer, Kaling will star in the Amazon Studios film Late Night in theaters nationwide on June 7 alongside Emma Thompson, Hugh Dancy, Reid Scott, Denis O’Hare, Paul Walter Hauser, John Lithgow, and Amy Ryan. Kaling also co-wrote and produced the film, which was acquired by Amazon Studios at the Sundance Film Festival earlier this year. “Working with Mindy Kaling is an absolute dream project for Amazon Publishing, where every day our guiding light is to strive for the best not only for our readers, but for our authors as well,” says Mikyla Bruder, Publisher of Amazon Publishing. “Whether she’s delighting fans on-screen or on-the-page—as The Office’s Kelly Kapoor, The Mindy Project’s Mindy Lahiri, Molly Patel in the upcoming film Late Night, or as a New York Times bestselling memoirist—Mindy is guaranteed to entertain. We’re privileged to be a part of bringing Mindy’s deeply personal essay collection to life, and can’t wait for readers to laugh, cry, and fall in love with her all over again.” “Amazon Original Stories is focused on offering our readers and listeners binge-worthy narratives, and Mindy Kaling is the perfect author for this,” says Julia Sommerfeld, Editorial Director of Amazon Original Stories. “Mindy is a truly innovative storyteller and her hilarious and heartfelt essays are unputdownable. We’re certain that once you read one, you’ll have to finish the whole collection!” “I’m excited to be doing this collection with AOS,” says Richard Abate, 3 Arts Entertainment. “It is an exciting format for writers who want to reach the widest audience possible and still deliver their work in a bingeable format.” Launched in 2017, Amazon Original Stories brings unforgettable short fiction and nonfiction to Kindle. This September, Amazon Original Stories will launch Forward, a six-part science-fiction short story collection featuring stories from Blake Crouch, N. K. Jemisin, Veronica Roth, Amor Towles, Paul Tremblay, and Andy Weir. Past collections include the Amazon Original Stories and Amazon Studios joint acquisition The Fairer Sex by Michelle Miller, Warmer by Lauren Groff, Jane Smiley, Jess Walter, and more, and Dark Corners, which features Lisa Unger’s Edgar Award-nominated short The Sleep Tight Motel. Each story is available free to Prime members, as well as Kindle Unlimited subscribers, and is available for download for non-subscribers beginning at . Amazon Publishing is a leading trade publisher of fiction, nonfiction, and children’s books with a mission to empower outstanding storytellers and connect them with readers worldwide. The Amazon Publishing teams based in Seattle, New York, Grand Haven, Luxembourg, London, Madrid, Milan, and Munich publish emerging, bestselling and critically-acclaimed authors in digital, print, and audio formats. For more information, visit apub.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
SEATTLE & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and PillPack today announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement under which Amazon will acquire PillPack. PillPack is a pharmacy designed to provide the best possible customer experience in the U.S. for people who take multiple daily prescriptions. PillPack delivers medications in pre-sorted dose packaging, coordinates refills and renewals, and makes sure shipments are sent on time. “PillPack is meaningfully improving its customers’ lives, and we want to help them continue making it easy for people to save time, simplify their lives, and feel healthier. We’re excited to see what we can do together on behalf of customers over time.” Tweet this “PillPack’s visionary team has a combination of deep pharmacy experience and a focus on technology,” says Jeff Wilke, Amazon CEO Worldwide Consumer. “PillPack is meaningfully improving its customers’ lives, and we want to help them continue making it easy for people to save time, simplify their lives, and feel healthier. We’re excited to see what we can do together on behalf of customers over time.” “PillPack makes it simple for any customer to take the right medication at the right time, and feel healthier,” said TJ Parker, co-founder and CEO of PillPack. “Together with Amazon, we are eager to continue working with partners across the healthcare industry to help people throughout the U.S. who can benefit from a better pharmacy experience.” Completion of this transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. The parties expect to close the transaction during the second half of 2018. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. PillPack is a pharmacy designed to provide the best possible experience for customers. For people who take multiple daily prescriptions, PillPack offers pre-sorted dose packaging, home delivery, and a commitment to customer service. These features help customers take medications as prescribed, which has been shown to improve health outcomes and lower costs. PillPack holds pharmacy licenses in all 50 states, has URAC and VIPPS accreditation, is an in-network pharmacy with most PBMs, including major Medicare Part D plans, and has built a proprietary set of software systems and tools called PharmacyOS. For more information visit www.pillpack.com.
A new centralized air hub at the Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky Airport (CVG) in Hebron will help the company meet demand from Amazon Prime members for fast, reliable delivery SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 31, 2017-- (NASDAQ:AMZN)—Amazon has been an active member of the business community in Kentucky for nearly 20 years, employing more than 10,000 people in full-time jobs across 11 fulfillment center locations. Today, the company announced it is creating new jobs and investing even further in Kentucky with plans to build a centralized air hub to support its growing fleet of Prime Air cargo planes. At the site when it opens, the company expects to create more than 2,000 new jobs. “As we considered places for the long-term home for our air hub operations, Hebron quickly rose to the top of the list with a large, skilled workforce, centralized location with great connectivity to our nearby fulfillment locations, and an excellent quality of living for employees. We feel strongly that with these qualities as a place to do business, our investments will support Amazon and customers well into the future,” said Dave Clark, Amazon Senior Vice President of Worldwide Operations. “We couldn’t be more excited to add 2,000-plus Amazon employees to join the more than 10,000 who work with us today across our robust operations in Kentucky.” Last year, Amazon entered into agreements with two carriers to lease 40 dedicated cargo airplanes to support Prime members with fast, free shipping. Today, 16 of those planes are in service for Amazon customers with more planes rolling out over time. Amazon’s Prime Air hub at CVG will support Amazon’s dedicated fleet of Prime Air cargo planes by loading, unloading and sorting packages. “Amazon’s Prime Air hub promises to revolutionize the fulfillment industry worldwide, and Kentucky is excited to partner with them as they embark on this disruptive, transformative and exciting venture,” said Gov. Bevin. “Kentucky’s ideal location, proven workforce and an already extensive shipping and logistics industry have been the backbone of our relationship with Amazon for nearly 20 years. This new project will pay dividends to both the company and our state, and we are truly grateful for the jobs and economic impact it will bring to the commonwealth.” Full-time employees at Amazon receive highly-competitive pay, health insurance, disability insurance, retirement savings plans and company stock. The company also offers up to 20 weeks of paid leave and innovative benefits such as Leave Share and Ramp Back, which give new parents flexibility with their growing families. Amazon also offers hourly employees its Career Choice program which helps train employees for in-demand jobs at Amazon and other companies so that they can prepare for the future and take full advantage of the nation's innovation economy. The program pre-pays 95% of tuition for courses in in-demand, high-wage fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a future career at Amazon. Over 9,000 employees have participated in Career Choice and more are signing up every day. “We’ve worked hard to ensure CVG is a great place to do business and we couldn’t be more pleased that Amazon recognized those efforts with plans to build a top-in-class air cargo hub at our airport,” said Candace S. McGraw, CEO of the CVG Airport. “A vibrant airport improves the economic vitality of the region and adding thousands of new jobs through establishing this hub at CVG will certainly be transformational for the local economy and local businesses.” Amazon has launched several initiatives to ensure great delivery speeds and supply chain capacity for its customers, including Amazon Flex, the company’s mobile application that allows individuals to sign-up, be vetted and begin delivering for Amazon, a dedicated network of 4,000 trailers to increase trucking capacity and a network of air cargo planes. These efforts join Amazon’s robust worldwide network of 149 fulfillment centers and over 20 sortation centers where the company uses algorithms, robotics, machine learning and other technological innovations to increase delivery speeds for customers. Amazon is now bringing the same technological expertise to efforts in the transportation space to increase shipping capacity for its customers. The company plans to offer job opportunities at any Amazon site across the U.S. to those involved in the package sortation that occurs today in Wilmington. Amazon recently announced plans to create more than 100,000 jobs across the U.S. over the next 18 months. You can learn more about working at Amazon by visiting http://www.amazon.jobs. To view a video about Amazon launching its growing plane network, check out an About Amazon blog here. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about.
Amazon Releases 50 New Tools and Services for Selling Partners since the Beginning of the Year, Enabling SMBs to Sell More Than Half of All Units in Amazon’s Stores New tools and services launched since January 1 help small and medium-sized businesses succeed in selling their products online and grow their business Top tools include increased analytics for brand owners and a new workflow for selling globally Amazon invests billions of dollars every year in infrastructure, tools, and services that enable small and medium-sized businesses to sell their products online More than half of all units sold in Amazon’s stores are from small and medium-sized businesses, with over a million U.S.-based small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr. 9, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced that 50 new tools and services have been launched this year so far to help small and medium-sized businesses grow their business in Amazon’s stores. Amazon invests billions of dollars each year on infrastructure, tools, and services that enable small and medium-sized businesses to reach new customers and successfully sell their products online. The most recent investments include the introduction of selling tools and services across Fulfillment by Amazon, Seller Central, Amazon Advertising, and more. “We are constantly listening to seller feedback and rolling out new tools based on their insights to help small and medium-sized businesses succeed selling in our stores,” said Ian Simpson, VP Selling Partner Services at Amazon. “From updates to brand analytics to a new global selling workflow, businesses have access to infrastructure, technology, and insights to help them reach more customers and grow their business online. Small and medium-sized businesses are growing sales in Amazon’s stores at a faster rate than Amazon’s retail business and these new tools and services serve as a catalyst to enable additional growth.” “The insights and analytics we access through Seller Central have been a game changer for our business! New tools like Brand Analytics with information on clicks and conversions across keywords have been incredible for marketing our brands,” said Liran Hirschkorn, owner of 1981 LLC. “These exciting updates continue to make Amazon the best opportunity in retail for our small business.” A sample of recently launched tools and services for sellers includes: • Brand Analytics: Enhanced brand analytics provide brand owners with information on popular search terms and comparable products. • Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) Monthly Storage and Removal Fee Waiver: With the monthly FBA storage and removal fees waived, sellers in select regions can now test out limited quantity new-to-Amazon products for a promotional period. • Global Registration Experience: A new Sell Across the World (SAW) workflow provides personalized guidance to help sellers expand globally. • Interactive Seller University Content: Refreshed Seller University interactive eLearning content offers Selling Partners live practice opportunities to help them better operate an Amazon store. To further help small and medium-sized businesses thrive in Amazon’s stores, Amazon hosts a variety of events to educate sellers, including Amazon Academy events across Europe, the Boost Conference specifically for businesses using the FBA service, and the new Selling Partner Summits across the U.S. The new Selling Partner Summits are a series of six conferences designed to help sellers grow their business in Amazon’s stores. The conferences, which were announced in February, sold out quickly in just six weeks. More than half of all units sold in Amazon’s stores are from small and medium-sized businesses. The 2018 Amazon Small Business Impact Report revealed that there are more than one million U.S.-based small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores. Amazon estimates that small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon stores have created more than 900,000 jobs worldwide. In 2018, more than 50,000 small and medium-sized businesses exceeded in sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide, and nearly 200,000 surpassed in sales. The number of small and medium-sized businesses eclipsing in sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide grew by 20 percent last year. To view all tools available to help small and medium-sized businesses grow in Amazon’s stores, visit: amazon.com/sellercentral. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
New Culver City office space brings Amazon Studios more than 280,000 square feet SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 30, 2017-- (NASDAQ: AMZN) — Amazon today announced plans to move into The Culver Studios, one of Hollywood’s most iconic television and movie studios located in Culver City, California. Amazon Studios, IMDb, Amazon Video and World Wide Advertising will occupy more than 280,000 RSF, including The Culver Studios Mansion and Bungalows. Originally developed by silent movie pioneer, Thomas H. Ince, Culver Studios has been home to some of the most famous films and television shows in Hollywood history, including Gone with the Wind and Citizen Kane. Amazon’s new Culver City offices will bring space for new jobs in a wide variety of roles including creative, technical, marketing and legal. “We are very excited about being a part of 100 years of movie and TV history at The Culver Studios,” said Albert Cheng, Head of Amazon Studios. “Most importantly, this new LA-based office will give us the much needed space for our team to work and grow so we can keep bringing Prime Members the very best in series and movies.” Currently owned by an affiliate of Hackman Capital Partners, Amazon’s new office will be located at 9336 West Washington Boulevard in Culver City, California. Amazon currently employs more than 700 people in Santa Monica, CA and will begin moving into the new office space at the end of this year. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
In Celebration of World Book Day, AmazonCrossing Aims to Connect One Million Readers with Kindle Books in Translation For one week, U.S. customers can download free Kindle books in translation from a diverse list of nine books curated by AmazonCrossing editors Visit amazon.com/readtheworld to download free books in translation and #readtheworld SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr. 17, 2018-- (NASDAQ:AMZN) —AmazonCrossing, the largest publisher of translated fiction in the United States, today announced that U.S. readers can download free Kindle books in translation for one week in honor of World Book Day—the annual April 23rd celebration of reading across the globe. Customers can download the English-language translation of award-winning foreign-language books curated by AmazonCrossing editors starting today and concluding at 11:59pm PDT on April 24 by visiting amazon.com/readtheworld. “We believe books have the power to connect us across language, country, and culture,” said Mikyla Bruder, Publisher of Amazon Publishing. “Today we are making an investment in books in translation and giving readers access to stories from diverse cultural perspectives with an aim to reach one million readers in honor of World Book Day.” AmazonCrossing is the literature in translation imprint of Amazon Publishing, translating award-winning, best-selling and important contemporary books from around the globe. In 2015, AmazonCrossing made a commitment to increase the number and diversity of its books in translation and today’s announcement is an extension of that commitment. Customers can choose free Kindle books in translation from a list curated by AmazonCrossing editors: • A River in Darkness: One Man’s Escape from North Korea by Masaji Ishikawa, translated from Japanese by Risa Kobayashi and Martin Brown: An Amazon Charts bestselling memoir about one man’s harrowing escape from the oppression of North Korea. • The House by the River by Lena Manta, translated from Greek by Gail Holst-Warhaft: An epic saga of love, adventure and family from Greece’s reigning #1 best-selling author. • Still Waters by Viveca Sten, translated from Swedish by Marlaine Delargy: The first book in the nearly 4 million-copy best-selling Swedish Sandhamn Murders series. • The Great Passage by Shion Miura, translated from Japanese by Juliet Winters Carpenter: This award-winning novel, adapted into a major motion picture, about the making of a Japanese dictionary is a reminder that a life dedicated to passion is a life well lived. • Last Train to Istanbul by Ayşe Kulin, translated from Turkish by John W. Baker: A sweeping story of love, adventure and compassion, about a young Turkish couple traversing Nazi-occupied Europe to gain their freedom, from one of Turkey’s most beloved authors. • The Gray House by Mariam Petrosyan, translated from Russian by Yuri Machkasov: An astounding and award-winning tale of a mesmerizing space where disabilities symbolize strengths. • The Question of Red by Laksmi Pamuntjak, translated from Indonesian by Laksmi Pamuntjak: A saga of love, revolution and resilience and one woman’s courage to forge her own path, from an award-winning Indonesian novelist. • The Light of the Fireflies by Paul Pen, translated from Spanish by Simon Bruni: A haunting page-turner about a boy who lives underground and discovers that light exists in even the darkest of places. • Ten Women by Marcela Serrano, translated from Spanish by Beth Fowler: A group of women with divergent life stories bond over triumphs and heartaches in this beautiful tale about universal connections from an award-winning Chilean author. In addition to downloading free Kindle books in translation, readers can visit amazon.com/readtheworld for a live count of Kindle pages read during the promotion from these nine AmazonCrossing books as customers #readtheworld. This live view of reader engagement is powered by Amazon Charts in celebration of World Book Day. Launched in the U.S. in 2009, Amazon Publishing is the publishing arm of Amazon.com and publishes literary and commercial fiction and nonfiction. Today, Amazon Publishing is a global publisher with offices in Seattle, New York, Grand Haven, Luxembourg, London, Munich, Milan, Madrid, and Paris. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Selects New York City and Northern Virginia for New Headquarters Amazon to invest $5 billion and create more than 50,000 jobs across the two new headquarters Amazon announces Nashville as new Operations Center of Excellence with more t...
Amazon Announces 150 New Tools and Services Have Launched in 2019 to Help Small and Medium-Sized Businesses Grow Their Online Sales Amazon is on track to invest more than in 2019 in infrastructure, tools, services, people, and programs to help third-party sellers succeed Recently launched tools and services include Target Inventory Levels, global rollout of the Amazon Marketplace Appstore, and Sold by Amazon Independent third-party sellers – primarily small and medium-sized businesses – made up 58% of all physical gross merchandise sold in Amazon’s stores in 2018 SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 22, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced 150 tools and services have been launched since the beginning of the year to help independent small and medium-sized businesses grow their sales in Amazon’s stores. Tools like Sold by Amazon help sellers manage the pricing of their products in Amazon’s stores, while fulfillment tools like Target Inventory Levels allow sellers to better manage their Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) inventory and, in turn, increase sales. New tools and services, along with infrastructure, programs, and people, are part of the more than Amazon is on track to invest this year to empower independent small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores. Independent third-party sellers – primarily small and medium-sized businesses – made up 58% of all physical gross merchandise sold in Amazon’s stores in 2018 and their sales far exceeded on Prime Day in July this year. These businesses have created an estimated 1.6 million jobs worldwide. Amazon spends billions of dollars every year to help small and medium-sized businesses around the globe succeed in Amazon’s stores. In addition to infrastructure, personnel, tools, and services, investments go towards programs such as Amazon Storefronts, Amazon Handmade, Amazon Launchpad, Amazon Business, Fulfillment by Amazon, Amazon Global Selling, Merch by Amazon, and Amazon Lending, which help small businesses grow. “Small and medium-sized businesses are the lifeblood of the economy, and we are committed to empowering them,” said Nicholas Denissen, Amazon Vice President of Small Business. “As part of our dedication to supporting independent retailers, we have thousands of employees around the globe who work hard on their behalf, developing tools and services to help them grow their sales in Amazon’s stores. Ultimately, our success depends on their success.” New tools and services – from inventory trackers, pricing tools, sales reports, and product branding and marketing tools, to educational videos and webinars – help level the playing field for small and medium-sized businesses and lower barriers of entry for them to start selling in Amazon’s stores. Delivered through Seller Central, the business management command center, these tools and services give small and medium-sized businesses access to valuable sales and inventory insights as well as resources to help them manage and grow their business with Amazon. Types of recently introduced tools and services include: • Fulfillment and inventory tools – The Target Inventory Levels tool launched in the U.S., the U.K., Italy, Spain, France, and Germany to help selling partners obtain better insights into their FBA inventory. Achieving suggested inventory levels increases sales through more 1-Day delivery eligibility, and qualifies selling partners for lower storage fees. • Appstore and third-party tools – The Amazon Marketplace Appstore expanded globally into Europe, India, Japan, and Australia. The Amazon Marketplace Appstore helps selling partners identify trusted third-party applications that complement Amazon’s free tools and help them streamline their business operations. With more than 200 apps available, selling partners can find tools and services across a range of categories including pricing, advertising, and inventory management. • Pricing management tools – Sold by Amazon, a free, opt-in service, helps selling partners save time and increase sales by automating prices so they can consistently and effortlessly offer customers great prices. Selling partners have peace of mind that they will never receive less than the established price for a product, even if the product is sold to an Amazon customer for less. • Business reports and analytics tools – The Product Opportunities dashboard can help selling partners find new product opportunities that align with how they want to grow and scale their business. To do so, this tool generates customized reports based on business analytics and data that provide curated guidance for selling partners, like purchasing trends and requests for quantity discounts, which help inform their decisions for how to grow their selection. Selling partners using Amazon Business can use the new Marketplace Business Opportunities Portal reports to find more product listing opportunities for their business. • Seller University– An improved, redesigned Seller University portal helps selling partners find relevant educational content easier. In addition, Amazon launched a feature in Seller Central that gives selling partners personalized guidance about additional selling programs and features that they can experiment with to accelerate their growth. Each recommendation includes rich educational content (including Seller University videos) to help selling partners learn more about the programs. “Based on our recent survey data, we know that greater adoption of digital technology, such as online retail capabilities and tools, could unlock small business job creation and growth to the tune of 360,000 jobs and over the next three years with the greatest potential impact on small businesses in rural America with annual revenues under ,” said Tim Day, Senior Vice President of the U.S. Chamber’s Technology Engagement Center (C_TEC). “To unlock this potential, the Chamber and Amazon share a goal of incentivizing entrepreneurship and enabling small business growth.” Amazon also invests hundreds of millions of dollars each year in personnel and tools to earn the trust of customers and sellers. As part of that investment, Project Zero launched this year in the U.S., the U.K., Italy, Spain, France, and Germany. Project Zero combines Amazon’s advanced technology, machine learning, and innovation with the sophisticated knowledge that brands have of their own intellectual property and how best to detect counterfeits of their products. Through three powerful tools – automated protections, self-service counterfeit removal, and product serialization – Project Zero allows brands and Amazon to work together to drive counterfeits to zero. Additionally, Transparency expanded this year to the U.K., Italy, Spain, France, Germany, Canada, and India. Brands in Transparency apply a unique code to every product unit they manufacture, enabling detection and preventing sales of inauthentic products. The 2019 SMB Impact Report, introduced in May, highlighted how Amazon empowers the millions of small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs), content creators, and developers in the U.S. and worldwide working with Amazon. This year’s report revealed there are more than 1.9 million SMBs, content creators, and developers in the U.S. currently working with Amazon. The number of SMBs eclipsing in sales in Amazon’s stores worldwide grew by 20 percent last year. To learn more about the millions of small and medium-sized businesses growing with Amazon, visit: aboutamazon.com/supporting-small-businesses. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Small Business Academy to help thousands of entrepreneurs gain digital strategy and brand building skills to make their ambitions reality, through free in-person seminar events and live webinars, as well as community college classes across the country First Amazon Small Business Academy seminar held today in Mississippi with next event planned for early December Amazon-supported digital business courses in community colleges will launch in February 2020 at schools in Boston, Mass.; Coeur d’Alene, Idaho; Elyria, Ohio; Fresno, Calif.; Houston, Texas; and Lakewood, Colo. Initiative strengthens Amazon’s commitment to empowering small businesses, which make up 99.9% of U.S. businesses and employ almost 60 million people, according to the Small Business Administration SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 1, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced a range of Amazon Small Business Academy programs to help small businesses harness the power of the internet to reach more customers, build their brand, and grow sales. The initiatives includes in-person seminars, community college courses, and webinars. “Small businesses make up 99.9% of U.S. businesses, employ almost 60 million people, and are the backbone of our economy. We’ve heard from many of them that they want help and guidance to take advantage of the power of the internet and digital business, particularly in rural areas,” said Nicholas Denissen, Amazon Vice President of Small Business. “Amazon Small Business Academy is focused on accelerating small business’ digital capabilities, whether they are a brand new company or one that has been in business for generations.” Today in Southaven, Mississippi near Memphis, Tenn., Amazon is hosting its first Amazon Small Business Academy event, featuring special guest speaker U.S. Senator Roger F. Wicker. The free seminar will provide more than 100 attendees with insights, best practices, and how-to skills to start and grow a business online, or expand an existing business on the internet. The company’s next Amazon Small Business Academy seminar will be held in December, with more events planned for 2020. “Small business owners and entrepreneurs are the driving force behind economic growth in Mississippi and across America,” said Senator Wicker. “The Amazon Small Business Academy will empower more small businesses to succeed, particularly in rural states, through digital tools and broadband access.” The Amazon Small Business Academy program also includes a grant to the National Association for Community College Entrepreneurship (NACCE) to help fund curriculum development and instruction of digital business courses in community college classrooms around the country. The classes will cover the fundamentals of online business strategies, marketing, merchandising, inventory management, and more. The curriculum will provide sixteen hours of beginner, intermediate and advanced content, created in collaboration with NACCE and the program’s lead schools: Lorain County Community College in Elyria near Cleveland, Ohio and North Idaho College in Coeur d’Alene, Idaho. Classes will begin in February 2020 at the lead schools, as well as Bunker Hill Community College in Boston, Mass.; State Center Community College District in partnership with Fresno City College, in Fresno, Calif.; Houston Community College in Houston, Texas; and Red Rocks Community College in Lakewood, Colo. “We’re thrilled to embark on this innovative program with Amazon,” said Rebecca Corbin, Ed.D., president and CEO of NACCE, the nation’s leading organization focused on promoting entrepreneurship through community colleges, representing more than 325 community and technical colleges and 2,000 faculty, staff, administrators and presidents who serve more than three million students. “Community colleges provide valuable content and programming for both aspiring and current small business owners. This Amazon grant will help NACCE and the schools foster the next generation of businesses to power the U.S. economy.” The Amazon Small Business Academy program also offers webinars to help current and aspiring small business owners throughout the country gain digital skills. The online seminars will provide best practices for successful selling in Amazon stores and include live Q&A with experts. Registration is open for an initial webinar here. Altogether, U.S.-based small and medium-sized businesses sell on average more than 4,000 items per minute in Amazon’s stores. Overall, independent third-party sellers – primarily small and medium-sized businesses – made up 58% of all physical gross merchandise sold in Amazon’s stores last year and their sales far exceeded on Prime Day in July this year. In little more than a year, U.S. companies with products in Amazon Storefronts, a curated destination to shop exclusively from American small and medium-sized businesses, have sold more than 250 million items to more than 70 million unique customers. Amazon has released more than 150 tools and services in 2019 to help independent small and medium-sized businesses grow their sales online, which is part of the more than the company is on track to invest this year in the success of its selling partners. Amazon recently announced the finalists for its first-ever Small Business Spotlight Awards, an awards program established this year to honor and celebrate top entrepreneurs and small businesses across the country selling in Amazon’s stores. Customers can vote for the winners through November 8. To learn more about the millions of small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores, visit: https://www.aboutamazon.com/supporting-small-businesses. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Awards recognize teachers and their schools inspiring students in underserved and underrepresented communities to build skills and careers in computer science and teachers with a focus on promoting diversity and inclusion in computer science All 2,400 Amazon Future Engineer high school and robotics teachers can be nominated and apply at AmazonFutureEngineer.com from February 13th to March 12th Seven award recipients will be chosen from across the country – two high school teachers from the Eastern U.S., two in the West, two in the Central region, and one Amazon Future Engineer Robotics Grant teacher Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part childhood-to-career program intended to inspire, educate, and prepare children and young adults from underrepresented and underserved communities to try computer science SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 6, 2020-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced the first-ever Amazon Future Engineer Teacher of the Year Awards to honor and recognize seven all-star teachers and their schools working diligently to help students in underserved and underrepresented communities build life-changing skills to propel their futures in computer science–with prize packages valued at more than . The more than 2,400 teachers participating in the Amazon Future Engineer Program at over 2,100 schools nationwide can be nominated or apply at AmazonFutureEngineer.com from February 13th to March 12th. Amazon Future Engineer inspires, educates, and prepares hundreds of thousands of students from underserved and underrepresented communities each year in the field of computer science. Amazon Future Engineer teachers are the champions of the program – focusing especially on promoting diversity and inclusion in their computer science classrooms and beyond. Award recipients will be chosen based on a variety of criteria which includes their commitment to promoting diversity and inclusion within computer science education, a recommendation from a school administrator, and compelling, personal anecdotes about their school and students. Seven award recipients will be chosen from across the country – two high school teachers in the Eastern U.S., two in the West, two in the Central region, and one Amazon Future Engineer Robotics Grant teacher. Scholarship America will judge applications and select the award recipients. “The more than 2,400 Amazon Future Engineer teachers go the extra mile to bring exciting and life-changing computer science education to their students. We are proud to be able to support the teachers’ mission and the hundreds of thousands of hard-working students across the country who benefit,” said Jeff Wilke, CEO Worldwide Consumer, Amazon. “With this first round of awards, we are thrilled to recognize and celebrate these teachers as they make it possible for more students from a wide variety of backgrounds to have access to this increasingly important field.” The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that by 2020 there will be 1.4 million computer-science-related jobs available and only 400,000 computer science graduates with the skills to apply for those jobs. Computer science is the fastest-growing profession within the Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) field, but only 8% of STEM graduates earn a computer science degree, with a small percentage from underserved backgrounds. Students from underserved backgrounds are 8 to 10 times more likely to pursue college degrees in computer science if they have taken AP computer science in high school. Amazon Future Engineer funds Introductory and Advanced Placement computer science courses in more than 2,000 high schools serving more than 100,000 students in underserved and underrepresented communities. Amazon’s funding also provides preparatory lessons, tutorials, professional development for teachers, fully sequenced and paced digital curriculum for students, and live online support every day of the week for both teachers and students. All educators and students participating in this program have access to a no-cost membership with AWS Educate, Amazon’s global initiative to provide students comprehensive resources for building skills in cloud technology. Students will receive content to learn about cloud computing and access to the AWS cloud for their coding projects. The Amazon Future Engineer Robotics Grant is currently in more than 150 schools, supporting thousands of students. This program provides a variety of elementary, middle, and high schools with robotics programming, which includes funding to launch FIRST robotics clubs along with teacher professional development, an additional to expand access to computer science education at each school, which could include field trips, hardware, and technology upgrades, and access to a tour of an Amazon robotics fulfillment center. All Amazon Future Engineer teachers can apply to the Amazon Future Engineer Teacher of the Year Awards starting on February 13th through March 12th at AmazonFutureEngineer.com. School principals, administrators, peers, and students can also nominate Amazon Future Engineer teachers, encouraging them to apply. Amazon will notify award recipients later this year. The schools of award recipients will each receive a prize package valued at over , which may include a variety of needed donations to their classrooms, STEM toys and activities, school upgrades and enhancements and more. They will also receive an all-expenses paid trip to re:MARS, Amazon’s AI event covering a diverse array of topics and themes related to Machine Learning, Automation, Robotics, and Space. Teachers with questions about the Awards can visit AmazonFutureEngineer.com. Launched in November 2018, Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part childhood-to-career program intended to inspire, educate, and prepare children and young adults from underrepresented and underserved communities to pursue careers in the fast-growing field of computer science. Each year, Amazon Future Engineer aims to inspire hundreds of thousands of young people to explore computer science; awards dozens of schools Amazon Future Engineer Robotics Grants, provides over 100,000 young people in over 2,000 high schools access to Intro or AP Computer Science courses; awards 100 students with four-year scholarships, as well as offers guaranteed and paid Amazon internships to gain work experience, and forms unique partnerships with trusted institutions to bring new coding experiences to students – for example, in 2019, Amazon Future Engineer sponsored a music-based coding remix competition with Georgia Tech on their EarSketch platform. Amazon Future Engineer is part of Amazon’s investment in computer science/STEM education. In addition, Amazon Future Engineer has donated more than to organizations that promote computer science/STEM education across the country. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. About Amazon in the Community Amazon is committed to helping more children and young adults, especially those from underrepresented and underserved communities, have the resources and skills they need to build their best future. Amazon focuses on building long-term, innovative, and high impact programs that leverage Amazon’s unique assets and culture. Initiatives include Amazon Future Engineer, designed to inspire and excite tens of thousands of children and young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities each year to pursue computer science, as well as programs that support immediate needs, including addressing family homelessness through donations and housing a homeless shelter in its Seattle headquarters, as well as global relief efforts for people in need following natural disasters.
The new fulfillment center will total more than 650,000 square feet, creating more than 1,000 full-time jobs SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 10, 2019-- Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced plans to open its first fulfillment center in Idaho, creating more than 1,000 full-time jobs with comprehensive benefits and opportunities to work alongside Amazon robotics in an industry-leading workplace. The state-of-the-art facility will be located in Nampa, Idaho, and will open in 2020. “We’re excited to open our first customer fulfillment center in Idaho and to bring more than 1,000 full-time jobs to the city,” said Alicia Boler Davis, Amazon’s Vice President of Global Customer Fulfillment. “Amazon is committed to creating a positive economic impact in Nampa and enhancing the customer experience throughout the region.” “Amazon’s investment in Nampa will add job opportunities for our citizens and create a ripple effect of economic activity throughout the region,” Idaho Governor Brad Little said. “The investment demonstrates that Idaho’s workforce and economy continue to attract the ideas and businesses that thrive in a knowledge-based economy. We are proud that Amazon chose Idaho to expand and do business.” Amazon will fulfill customer orders such as books, electronics and toys from this 650,000-square-foot fulfillment center. All associates will go through safety training and ongoing coaching and will have access to continuing education opportunities through Amazon’s upskilling programs such as Career Choice. The company will pre-pay up to 95 percent of tuition for courses related to in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since the program’s launch, over 25,000 employees have pursued degrees in game design and visual communications, nursing, IT programming and radiology, to name a few. Nampa Mayor Debbie Kling said, “I would like to thank Amazon for choosing Nampa to locate their newest fulfillment center. Their investment in local transportation improvements and a competitive employment package represents a significant opportunity for our community. The City of Nampa will do everything we can to support the expedited construction timeline and we look forward to being part of the Amazon family.” On top of Amazon’s minimum wage, the company offers full-time employees comprehensive benefits including full medical, vision, and dental insurance as well as a 401(k) with 50 percent match starting on day one. The company also offers up to 20 weeks of maternal and parental paid leave and innovative benefits such as Leave Share and Ramp Back, which give new parents flexibility with their growing families. In addition, Amazon has pledged to invest over to provide upskilling training for 100,000 U.S. employees for in-demand jobs. Programs will help Amazonians from all backgrounds access training to move into highly skilled roles across the company’s corporate offices, tech hubs, fulfillment centers, retails stores, and transportation network, or pursue career paths outside of Amazon. Amazon’s fulfillment network supports millions of businesses of all sizes worldwide through its Fulfillment By Amazon offering, and many of those local organizations are based in Idaho. There are more than 11,000 authors, small and medium-sized businesses, and developers in Idaho growing their companies and reaching new customers on Amazon products and services. This project is being developed in partnership with Pannotoni Development Co. Inc. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Opening in 2021, the company plans to invest more than to develop a new state-of-the-art site in Westborough, MA, complete with corporate offices, research and development labs, and manufacturing space The new 350,000 square feet facility will be in addition to the Amazon Robotics’ current facility in North Reading, MA, and together serve as the company’s epicenter of robotics innovation Amazon has created more than 4,000 full-time jobs in Massachusetts and invested over in the state since 2011, from customer fulfillment infrastructure to compensation to our employees SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 6, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced plans to build a new state-of-the-art Amazon Robotics innovation hub and create 200 tech and advanced manufacturing jobs in Westborough, Massachusetts. Opening in 2021, the company plans to invest more than in the new site to allow Amazon Robotics to continue to grow its engineering, manufacturing, support and test teams in the state. The new 350,000 square feet facility, developed by Atlantic Management of Framingham, MA, will feature corporate offices, research and development labs, and manufacturing space and will be in addition to Amazon Robotics’ current site in North Reading — together serving as the company’s epicenter of robotics innovation. Amazon has created more than 4,000 full-time jobs in Massachusetts, and since 2011, invested more than in the state, including infrastructure and compensation to our employees. “We’re excited to grow our teams in Massachusetts and take advantage of the talent and regional connectivity that MetroWest offers,” said Tye Brady, Amazon Robotics’ Chief Technologist. “This will be a world-class facility, where our teams can design, build, program, and ship our robots, all under the same roof. This expansion will allow us to continue to innovate quickly and improve delivery speed for customers around the world.” “Massachusetts is home to a nation-leading innovation economy with a highly educated and skilled workforce, and we are proud of the life-changing research and high quality of life that attracts leading companies to invest and grow here,” said Governor Charlie Baker. “We are pleased that Amazon plans to increase their substantial presence with a state-of-the-art robotics facility, creating 200 new jobs and employing over 4,000 skilled workers throughout the Commonwealth, furthering its continued investment in the state’s economic growth and development.” “Industry leaders like Amazon continue to grow and expand in regional innovation economies like Westborough and across the MetroWest region, and we applaud their continued investment in robotics,” said Lt. Governor Karyn Polito. “We are grateful for this increased commitment to STEM careers and education, and are excited about the opportunities afforded by end-to-end capabilities, including design and advanced manufacturing, all in one site.” "We are thrilled to welcome Amazon Robotics Division to Westborough! The investment of this international company in our community demonstrates the ability of the regional economy and its workforce to attract innovation and technology. We look forward to a strong partnership with Amazon Robotics,” said Kristi Williams, Town Manager, Westborough. Amazon provides highly competitive benefits to full-time employees — from the company’s most senior executives to its hourly fulfillment center associates. These benefits include comprehensive healthcare from day one, 401(k) retirement savings plan with company match, and up to 20-weeks of paid parental leave. Through its Upskilling 2025 initiative, Amazon has also committed to programs aimed at providing its employees with the skills they need for new, in-demand jobs, from paid cloud computing apprenticeships to its Career Choice program, which pre-pays 95% of tuition for courses in in-demand fields, regardless of whether skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since 2011, Amazon has invested over in Massachusetts, from building customer fulfillment infrastructure and research facilities to compensation to its teams. The company estimates that these direct investments in the state contributed an additional to the Massachusetts’ economy and generated an additional 7,000 indirect jobs on top of the company’s direct hires. There are also tens of thousands of small and medium-sized businesses, authors, and entrepreneurs in Massachusetts who are growing their businesses with tools like Marketplace, Fulfillment By Amazon, Kindle Direct Publishing, and Amazon Web Services. As a part of Amazon’s ongoing commitment to the communities where employees live and work, the Amazon Future Engineer program — a childhood-to-career program to inspire, educate, and propel children and young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities to try computer science — serves more than 10 million students each year across the country. In Massachusetts specifically, Amazon Future Engineer is funding computer science classes in more than 40 high schools across the state. Amazon is also proud to support St. Mary’s Center for Women and Children, a leader in supporting families and empowering women experiencing homelessness in the Boston area. Through its partnership with Amazon, St. Mary’s Center has raised nearly to fund a new Community Resource Center on its Dorchester campus, which supports families transitioning to permanent housing and those on the brink of homelessness. With 750,000 employees worldwide, Amazon has been recognized on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list for the past four years, ranked #2 in the Fortune 2017 and 2018 World’s Most Admired Companies, #5 in Fast Company's 2018 World’s Most Innovative Companies and 2019 50 Best Workplaces for Innovators. Amazon has more than 400,000 full and part-time employees in the U.S., across more than 40 states and 250 different counties, two headquarters, 18 Tech Hubs, more than 150 fulfillment centers, sortation centers and delivery stations, and more than three dozen Amazon Go, Amazon 4-Star and Amazon Books retail stores. Since 2010, Amazon has invested more than in the U.S., including infrastructure and compensation to our employees. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Announces Three New Renewable Energy Projects in the US and Spain to Support Amazon’s Pledge to Reach 80% Renewable Energy by 2024 and 100% Renewable Energy by 2030 Projects will support Amazon’s commitment to The Climate Pledge to be net zero carbon by 2040 and supply renewable energy to the grids powering the company’s fulfillment network and Amazon Web Services data centers which support Amazon and millions of AWS customers globally Amazon’s first large-scale renewable energy project in Spain, first in the state of Illinois, and ninth in the Commonwealth of Virginia - combined, are expected to produce 329 MW of additional renewable capacity and almost 700,000 MWh of energy annually, or enough to power more than 67,000 homes Globally, Amazon has more than 70 renewable energy projects that have the capacity to generate over 1,900 MW and deliver more than 5.3 million MWh of energy annually SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 3, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced three new renewable energy projects in the US and Spain that support Amazon’s commitment to The Climate Pledge and reaching 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy target by 2030 on its path to net zero carbon by 2040. Amazon is committed to major investments in renewable energy as a critical step toward addressing the company’s carbon footprint globally, and Amazon’s newest renewable energy project in Europe will be the company’s first large-scale project in Spain, located southeast of Sevilla. Once complete, the new solar farm will provide 149 megawatts (MW) of new renewable capacity. Amazon’s newest renewable energy solar projects in the US will be located in Lee County, Illinois and in Northern Virginia. Together, they total 180 MW and are expected to generate almost 400,000 MWh of renewable energy annually. This will be Amazon’s first large-scale renewable energy project in the state of Illinois and ninth in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Once complete, the three new Amazon renewable energy solar projects will provide an estimated 329 MW of additional renewable capacity supplying energy to the grids supporting the company’s fulfillment network in Europe and Amazon Web Services data centers, which power Amazon and millions of AWS customers globally. To date, Amazon has launched over 70 renewable energy projects that will provide over 1,900 MW of renewable capacity and are projected to deliver more than 5.3 million MWh of renewable energy annually. These projects include 21 utility-scale wind and solar farms and more than 50 solar rooftops installed on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe. “Earlier this year, we announced The Climate Pledge, setting a goal to meet the Paris Agreement 10 years early and be net zero carbon by 2040. We also plan to run on 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy by 2030,” said Kara Hurst, Director of Sustainability, Amazon. “We’re committed to investing in renewable energy as a critical step toward addressing our carbon footprint globally.” “As we work to put our state on a path to 100% clean and renewable energy, Illinois is proud to have Amazon invest in a major solar project in our state,” said Illinois Governor J.B. Pritzker. “Addressing climate change will take all of us working together, and leadership from state governments and the business community will demonstrate how we can sustainably power a modern economy and create good-paying jobs.” “I applaud Amazon for their investment in renewable energy projects in the Commonwealth of Virginia,” said Virginia Senator Mark R. Warner. “This solar energy project will generate 80 megawatts of renewable energy, which will help lead to a cleaner and healthier environment.” To track progress toward these goals, Amazon launched a new sustainability website to report on its sustainability commitments, initiatives, and performance. The site includes information on Amazon’s carbon footprint and other sustainability metrics that share the progress the company is making towards reaching The Climate Pledge. The new goals, commitments, investments, and programs build on Amazon’s long-term commitment to sustainability through existing innovative programs, including Shipment Zero – Amazon’s vision to make all shipments net zero carbon, with 50% net zero carbon by 2030; sustainable packaging initiatives like Frustration-Free Packaging and Ship in Own Container, which have reduced packaging waste by 25% since 2015; renewable energy programs; investments in the circular economy with the Closed Loop Fund; and numerous other initiatives happening every day by teams across Amazon. Visit https://sustainability.aboutamazon.com/ to view the company’s new sustainability report and learn more. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 69 Availability Zones (AZs) within 22 geographic regions, with announced plans for 13 more Availability Zones and four more AWS Regions in Indonesia, Italy, South Africa, and Spain. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com.
Amazon Continues Investments in Renewable Energy – Announces Two New Renewable Energy Projects in U.S. and EU; Now Has 66 Projects Globally, Including 51 Solar Rooftops Amazon’s second renewable energy project in the Republic of Ireland and seventh in the Commonwealth of Virginia are expected to produce approximately 168,000 MWh of clean energy annually to support Amazon’s goal to power 100% of its global operations with renewable energy Projects will supply clean energy to the grids supporting the company’s Amazon Web Services datacenters that power Amazon and millions of AWS customers globally Globally, Amazon has 66 renewable energy projects – including 51 solar rooftops – that have the capacity to generate 1,342 MW and deliver more than 3.9 million MWh of energy annually SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 1, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced the company’s 65th and66th renewable energy projects. Amazon’s newest renewable energy project in the EU will be located in Cork, Ireland, and will be the second Amazon Wind Farm in the Republic of Ireland. Once complete, the new Amazon Wind Farm will provide 23.2 megawatts (MW) of renewable capacity, with expected generation of 68,000 megawatt hours (MWh) of clean energy annually. Amazon’s newest renewable energy project in the U.S. will be located in Pittsylvania County, Virginia, and will be the seventh Amazon Solar Farm in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Once complete, the new Amazon Solar Farm will provide 45 megawatts (MW) of renewable capacity and is expected to generate 100,000 megawatt hours (MWh) of clean energy annually. Both projects are expected to begin producing clean energy in 2020 and will supply clean energy to the grids supporting the company’s Amazon Web Services datacenters, which power Amazon and millions of AWS customers globally. Additionally, Amazon’s investments in renewable energy were recently recognized in the Solar Energy Industries Association’s (SEIA) 2018 Solar Means Business Report, which ranked Amazon #1 in the U.S. for amount of corporate on-site solar installed in 2018, and #2 for total amount of solar installed to date. Amazon’s solar projects in the U.S. have offset the CO2 equivalent of more than 200 million miles of truck deliveries. Globally, Amazon has 66 renewable energy projects – including 51 solar rooftops – that are expected to generate 1,342 MW of renewable capacity and deliver more than 3.9 million MWh of clean energy annually. “Playing a significant role in helping to reduce the sources of human-induced climate change is an important commitment for Amazon,” said Kara Hurst, Director of Sustainability, Amazon. “Major investments in renewable energy are a critical step to address our carbon footprint globally. We will continue to invest in these projects, and look forward to additional investments this year and beyond.” “Under the Climate Action Plan, we are committing that 70 percent of Ireland’s electricity will come from renewable sources by 2030. Industry leadership is key to helping us reach this target,” said Richard Bruton, Ireland’s Minister for Communications, Climate Action and Environment. “This project is another example of AWS’s commitment to renewable projects in Ireland, adding clean energy to the grid, and supporting Ireland’s climate commitments. Construction will begin on this project this year and will start contributing to Ireland’s renewable energy capacity by 2020. We look forward to continuing to work with AWS as we strive to make Ireland a leader in the renewable energy space.” “I applaud Amazon for their continued investment in clean and renewable energy projects in the Commonwealth of Virginia,” said Virginia Senator Mark R. Warner. “This solar energy project in Pittsylvania County will lead to a cleaner environment and more jobs in the community.” “It’s wonderful to see the announcement of these new projects, which will help bring more renewable energy to the Commonwealth of Virginia where Amazon has already helped bring significant solar energy projects online,” said Virginia Governor Ralph Northam. “Amazon’s new solar farm in Virginia will create jobs and economic development in rural Virginia, and will continue to build upon our role as a leading state for renewable energy in the U.S.” Beyond investments in wind and solar, Amazon has a long history of commitment to sustainability through innovative programs such as Shipment Zero, Frustration-Free Packaging, Ships in Own Container, investments in the circular economy with the Closed Loop Fund, and numerous other initiatives happening every day by teams across Amazon. Amazon has also implemented the District Energy Project that uses recycled energy to heat and cool more than 3 million square feet of office space. For more information on Amazon’s sustainability initiatives, visit www.amazon.com/sustainability. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 66 Availability Zones (AZs) within 21 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com.
The four projects include Amazon’s first renewable energy project in Australia, second in Sweden, second in Spain, and 11th in the Commonwealth of Virginia, which combined, are expected to produce almost 300 MW of additional renewable capacity and approximately 840,000 MWh of energy annually, or enough to power more than 76,000 average US homes Projects will supply renewable energy to the grids powering the AWS data centers that support Amazon and millions of AWS customers globally Globally, Amazon has 86 renewable energy projects that have the capacity to generate over 2,300 MW and deliver more than 6.3 million MWh of energy annually SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Today, Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) announced four new renewable energy projects in Australia, Spain, Sweden, and the US that further support Amazon’s commitment to reach 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy by 2030 on path to net zero carbon by 2040. Amazon is investing globally to enable new renewable energy projects as the company works towards net zero carbon by 2040. Amazon’s first renewable energy project in Australia is a 60 megawatt (MW) solar project anticipated to come online in 2021 in northern New South Wales. Once complete, the project is expected to generate 142,000 megawatt hours (MWh) of clean energy annually, which is equivalent to the annual electricity of almost 23,000 average Australian households. Amazon’s newest renewable energy projects in Europe include 122 MW from an onshore wind project in Västernorrland, Sweden, expected to come online 2022, and a new 50 MW solar farm in Zaragoza, Spain, expected to begin operations in 2021. Once enabled, these projects have the capacity to power the equivalent of 158,000 average European homes each year. Amazon’s newest solar project in the US will be located in Halifax County, Virginia. The 65 MW solar project is expected to generate over 150,000 MWh of renewable energy annually and will be Amazon’s 11th renewable energy project in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Separately, Amazon also recently announced a new solar project in Pittsylvania County that will power Amazon’s new HQ2 headquarters along with other Amazon-owned operations across the Commonwealth, including Whole Foods Markets and fulfillment centers. More information about the 82-megawatt project can be found on the AmazonDay One blog: https://blog.aboutamazon.com/sustainability/powering-hq2-with-100-renewable-energy. Once complete, the four new Amazon renewable energy wind and solar projects will provide almost 300 MW and approximately 840,000 MWh of additional renewable capacity to the grids that supply energy to the company’s AWS data centers, which power Amazon and millions of AWS customers globally. To date, Amazon has launched 26 utility-scale wind and solar renewable energy projects that will generate over 2,200 MW of renewable capacity and deliver more than 6.2 million MWh of clean energy annually – enough to power 560,000 U.S. homes. Amazon has also installed more than 50 solar rooftops on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe that generate 122 MW of renewable capacity and deliver 193,000 MWh of clean energy annually. “We’re on a mission to meet the Paris Agreement 10 years early as part of The Climate Pledge commitment to be net zero carbon across our operations by 2040. These new renewable energy projects are part of our roadmap to 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy by 2030,” said Kara Hurst, Vice President of Sustainability, Amazon. “In addition to the environmental benefits inherently associated with running applications in the cloud, investing in renewable energy is a critical step toward addressing our carbon footprint globally.” “I applaud Amazon for their investment in renewable energy projects in the Commonwealth of Virginia,” said Virginia Congressman Denver Riggleman. “This solar energy project will generate 65 megawatts of renewable energy, which will create clean jobs for the region.” To track progress toward these goals, Amazon launched a website to report on its sustainability commitments, initiatives, and performance. The site includes information on Amazon’s carbon footprint and other sustainability metrics that share the progress the company is making towards reaching The Climate Pledge. The goals, commitments, investments, and programs build on Amazon’s long-term commitment to sustainability through existing innovative programs, including Shipment Zero – Amazon’s vision to make all shipments net zero carbon, with 50% net zero carbon by 2030; sustainable packaging initiatives like Frustration-Free Packaging and Ship in Own Container, which have reduced packaging waste by 25% since 2015; renewable energy programs; investments in the circular economy with the Closed Loop Fund; and numerous other initiatives happening every day and led by teams across Amazon. Visit https://sustainability.aboutamazon.com/ to view the company’s new sustainability report and learn more. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. For almost 14 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 175 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 69 Availability Zones (AZs) within 22 geographic regions, with announced plans for 16 more Availability Zones and five more AWS Regions in Indonesia, Italy, Japan, South Africa, and Spain. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com.
Amazon’s dedicated last-mile delivery network is on track to deliver 3.5 billion customer packages globally in 2019 Since the Delivery Service Program launched in 2018, Amazon has released hundreds of products and features to help delivery service partners operate safe and successful package delivery businesses SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 19, 2019-- (NASDAQ:AMZN) – With the holiday shopping season in full swing, tens of thousands of Amazon associates, Delivery Service Partners and delivery drivers are busy sorting packages, loading vehicles and delivering smiles to customers. Amazon now has 150 delivery stations in the United States that employ more than 90,000 Amazon Logistics associates who earn an industry-leading wage of at least an hour as well as a variety of benefits packages. In addition, Amazon’s Delivery Service Partner program enables entrepreneurs to build and grow their own delivery business. With access to Amazon’s delivery volume, safety training programs and support, sophisticated routing technology and a suite of exclusively negotiated discounts, these entrepreneurs can focus on developing their teams and connecting with their community. Today, there are more than 800 Amazon Delivery Service Partners in the last-mile network, employing 75,000 drivers in the United States. “Amazon’s transportation network is built on a foundation of 20 years of operations and logistics experience, an unwavering commitment to safety, technological innovation, and talented teams who are obsessed with delivering for our customers,” said Dave Clark, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Operations. “Thanks to these great teams we’ve delivered 3.3 billion customer packages worldwide this year, and are on track to deliver 3.5 billion packages by the end of the year. These are big milestones on behalf of our customers.” As Amazon’s delivery network grows, safety continues to be the company’s top priority. Since the Delivery Service Partner program launched in 2018, Amazon has provided hundreds of products, services, and features to support these owners in the safe and successful operation of their business. These include driver training programs, branded delivery vehicles equipped with the latest safety technology, advanced telematics, a 24-hour safety helpline for drivers, and policies and mechanisms in place to ensure drivers are getting the required rest and breaks they need while out on the road. In fact, drivers in Amazon’s last mile operations have traveled more than 800 million miles this year and their on-road safety record is better than the national benchmark as measured by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. “Starting my own delivery business with Amazon has enabled me to change the lives of 135 people and at the same time, deliver more than a million packages to people in my community,” said Leah Ranalli, owner of HieQ Logistics and an Amazon Delivery Service Partner in Tucson, Arizona who started her business in November 2018. “I can’t imagine anything more rewarding than getting to lead this team of amazing individuals. Their safety is my priority, and the tools and partnership Amazon provides enables me to ensure my drivers have what they need to be successful while safely delivering packages in our community.” To meet some of the Delivery Service Partners and Amazon associates who help deliver smiles to customers, read more here. To learn more about Amazon’s Delivery Service Partner program or get started today, visit logistics.amazon.com. About Amazon Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer review, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon will donate a percentage of the purchase price for millions of products each time customers shop at smile.amazon.com Customers can choose from nearly a million charitable organizations SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 30, 2013-- Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) today launched AmazonSmile, a new program that makes it easy for customers to support their favorite charitable organizations every time they shop. Customers who visit AmazonSmile (smile.amazon.com) will find the exact same Amazon they know and love. They’ll enjoy the exact same low prices, vast selection and convenient shopping experience – with the added bonus that Amazon will donate a portion of the purchase price to their favorite charitable organization. There is no cap on the total donation amount and customers can choose from nearly one million organizations around the country. “We’re offering customers a way to support charitable organizations around the country that’s simple and automatic,” said Ian McAllister, General Manager, AmazonSmile. “We think customers will love the opportunity to support their favorite organizations without changing how they shop, and there’s no cap on how much Amazon will donate.” “AmazonSmile allows us to reach millions of existing and new supporters who can help us find cures for cancer and save children,” said Richard Shadyac Jr., CEO of ALSAC/St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital. “At St. Jude, we’re leading the way the world understands, treats and defeats childhood cancer while ensuring no family ever receives a bill from St. Jude for treatment, travel, housing or food. Working with AmazonSmile gives us a new way to support our mission that’s simple for both us and our supporters.” “Amazon and charity: water are both known for disrupting the status quo and this program is the kind of innovation that could change the way our supporters help us bring clean and safe drinking water to people in developing nations,” said charity: water founder and CEO, Scott Harrison. “AmazonSmile will make charitable giving easier, which is a big win for our supporters, and, most importantly, the 800 million people on the planet who don’t have clean and safe drinking water.” When customers first go to AmazonSmile they’ll be asked to select their favorite charitable organization from almost a million eligible organizations – and that’s it. Once a customer has selected an organization on their first visit, Amazon will donate 0.5% of the purchase price from any eligible purchases through AmazonSmile from that point forward, whether a customer shops just once or once a day. Customers can select a new charitable organization at any time, but don’t need to add any additional information or change the way they shop. All they need to do is remember to type smile.amazon.com into the browser on their PC, tablet or phone. Donations to charitable organizations will be made by the AmazonSmile Foundation. Customers can learn more and begin supporting their favorite organization at smile.amazon.com, and charitable organizations can learn more and register to accept donations at org.amazon.com. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), a Fortune 500 company based in Seattle, opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995 and today offers Earth’s Biggest Selection. Amazon.com, Inc. seeks to be Earth’s most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavors to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.com and other sellers offer millions of unique new, refurbished and used items in categories such as Books; Movies, Music & Games; Digital Downloads; Electronics & Computers; Home & Garden; Toys, Kids & Baby; Grocery; Apparel, Shoes & Jewelry; Health & Beauty; Sports & Outdoors; and Tools, Auto & Industrial. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon’s developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon’s own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Kindle Paperwhite is the world’s best-selling and most advanced e-reader. It features new display technology with higher contrast, the next generation built-in light, a faster processor, the latest touch technology, and exclusive new features designed from the ground up for readers. Kindle, the lightest and smallest Kindle, features improved fonts and faster page turns. The new Kindle Fire HDX features a stunning exclusive 7” or 8.9” HDX display, a quad-core 2.2 GHz processor, 2x more memory, and 11 hours of battery life, as well as exclusive new features of Fire OS 3.0 including X-Ray for Music, Second Screen, Prime Instant Video downloads, and the revolutionary new Mayday button. The all-new Kindle Fire HD includes an HD display, high-performance processor and dual speakers at a breakthrough price. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, www.amazon.cn, www.amazon.it, www.amazon.es, www.amazon.com.br, www.amazon.in, and www.amazon.com.mx. As used herein, “Amazon.com,” “we,” “our” and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment and data center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent filings.
California, Arizona, North Carolina, Michigan, and Pennsylvania among the top states with the highest population of Makers selling in the Amazon Handmade store San Diego, Portland, and Las Vegas among the top cities with the highest population of Makers selling in the Amazon Handmade store The top categories for Makers are Home, Jewelry, and Accessories SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 21, 2020-- Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) today announced the 10 states and cities with the most Makers selling in the Amazon Handmade store. Amazon looked at which states and cities the most Makers call home and found that the top states represent every region of the country, with thousands of Makers residing in California, Arizona, North Carolina, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. The top cities span across the four corners of the U.S., from New York, to Miami, to San Diego, to Seattle. Amazon also revealed the top product categories for Makers and found the largest number of Makers are selling products in the Home category. Amazon Handmade features genuinely handcrafted products from furniture, to jewelry, to toys, and more from tens of thousands of Makers in the U.S. and around the world. The top 10 states with the most Makers are: The top 10 cities with the most Makers are: The top product categories for Makers are: “Across the country, there are hundreds of thousands of creative, hard-working, and unique American small businesses that are thriving with Amazon,” said Nicholas Denissen, VP of Small Business at Amazon. “Small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores had a record-breaking year in 2019, with nearly 25,000 American small and medium-sized businesses surpassing in sales. We will continue to invest billions of dollars in tools, services, people, and programs – like Amazon Handmade – to help these businesses grow and succeed.” Amazon Handmade is a store within Amazon.com that empowers Makers with the tools necessary to showcase their products to more than 300 million active customers around the world, regardless of their location. Makers selling with Amazon Handmade come from all 50 states and more than 80 countries around the world. “At Amazon Handmade, we obsess over customers and their desire for unique handcrafted goods, which is why we are so proud of our incredible Makers and the products they sell in our store,” said Katie Harnetiaux, Head of Amazon Handmade. “The flourishing craft community selling with Amazon Handmade spans from coast-to-coast, with Makers from every corner of the U.S. building successful businesses and reaching new customers.” “Amazon Handmade has been incredible for my small business. We grew our sales more than 200% last year, and had our best sales day ever on Amazon this Cyber Monday,” said Ken Baker, owner of Dream Big Printables in Charlotte, North Carolina. “Our growth with Amazon has allowed Dream Big Printables to hire local employees as well as increase donations to local non-profits.” The 2019 Amazon SMB Impact Report revealed that on average, American small and medium-sized businesses sell more than 4,000 items per minute in Amazon’s stores. In 2019, Amazon invested more than and launched more than 225 tools and services to help small and medium-sized businesses grow and succeed. These businesses have created more than 800,000 jobs in the U.S. To help American small and medium-sized businesses thrive, in September 2018, Amazon created Amazon Storefronts. With Storefronts, customers can shop a curated collection of more than 2.5 million products from nearly 30,000 U.S.-based businesses. In one year, U.S. small and medium-sized businesses with products in Storefronts sold more than 250 million items to more than 70 million customers. The company also launched Amazon Small Business Academy in November 2019 to help small businesses in the U.S. harness the power of the internet to reach more customers, build their brand, and grow sales. Through a combination of free in-person seminar events, live webinars, and community college classes across the country, Amazon Small Business Academy will help thousands of American entrepreneurs gain digital strategy and brand building skills to make their ambitions reality. To learn more about small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores, visit: aboutamazon.com/smallbusiness. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
SEATTLE & VICTORIA, British Columbia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 1, 2008--Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) today announced the completion of its acquisition of AbeBooks. AbeBooks is an online marketplace for books, with over 110 million primarily used, rare and out-of-print books listed for sale by thousands of independent booksellers from around the world. Amazon.com previously announced that it had reached an agreement to acquire AbeBooks on Aug. 1, 2008. AbeBooks will continue to function as a stand-alone operation based in Victoria, British Columbia. AbeBooks will maintain all its Web sites, including its Canadian Web site. The Web sites will continue to have country-specific content, such as reviews of Canadian-authored books and interviews of Canadian writers. AbeBooks is an online marketplace for books, with over 110 million primarily used, rare and out-of-print books listed for sale by thousands of independent booksellers from around the world. AbeBooks has millions of customers who purchase tens of thousands of books a day from its global websites (Abebooks.com, Abebooks.ca, Abebooks.co.uk, Abebooks.de, Abebooks.fr, Abebooks.it and Iberlibro.com). A true internet success story, AbeBooks.com has been selling books online since 1996, and is a private company based in Victoria, BC Canada, with affiliates in Germany and the United States. Internet Retailer magazine ranked AbeBooks at No. 73 among North American online retailers in June 2008. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), a Fortune 500 company based in Seattle, opened on the World Wide Web in July 1995 and today offers Earth's Biggest Selection. Amazon.com, Inc., seeks to be Earth's most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavors to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Amazon.com and other sellers offer millions of unique new, refurbished and used items in categories such as books, movies, music & games, digital downloads, electronics & computers, home & garden, toys, kids & baby, grocery, apparel, shoes & jewelry, health & beauty, sports & outdoors, and tools, auto & industrial. Amazon Web Services provides Amazon's developer customers with access to in-the-cloud infrastructure services based on Amazon's own back-end technology platform, which developers can use to enable virtually any type of business. Examples of the services offered by Amazon Web Services are Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2), Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), Amazon SimpleDB, Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS), Amazon Flexible Payments Service (Amazon FPS), and Amazon Mechanical Turk. Amazon and its affiliates operate websites, including www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.co.jp, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.ca, and the Joyo Amazon websites at www.joyo.cn and www.amazon.cn. As used herein, "Amazon.com," "we," "our" and similar terms include Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Actual results may differ significantly from management's expectations. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, risks related to competition, management of growth, new products, services and technologies, potential fluctuations in operating results, international expansion, outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, fulfillment center optimization, seasonality, commercial agreements, acquisitions and strategic transactions, foreign exchange rates, system interruption, significant amount of indebtedness, inventory, government regulation and taxation, payments and fraud. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, and subsequent filings.
SEATTLE--September 27, 2000— Amazon.com today issued the following statement regarding random price testing: Some news reports over the last several weeks have incorrectly characterized a recent Amazon.com random price test as a test based on customer demographic information. These reports were incorrect and were not based on the facts. Contrary to these reports, Amazon.com varied the discount levels on a totally random basis, not with respect to customer demographic information. The purpose of the test was to determine how much sales are affected by lower prices. In retrospect, this random testing was a mistake, and we regret it because it created uncertainty and complexity for our customers, and our job is to simplify shopping for customers. That is why, more than two weeks ago, in response to customer feedback, we changed our policy to protect customers should we ever do random price testing again (and currently we have no plans to do so). Now, if we ever do such a test again, we'll automatically give customers who purchased a test item the lowest test price for that item at the conclusion of the test period—thereby ensuring that all customers pay the lowest available price. Under this new policy, by Sept. 14, we had refunded to 6,896 customers an average of $3.10 as a result of the DVD random price test. “We've never tested and we never will test prices based on customer demographics,” said Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos. “What we did was a random price test, and even that was a mistake because it created uncertainty for customers rather than simplifying their lives. The policy we put in place two weeks ago removes that uncertainty.” Some details about the DVD pricing test: Amazon.com (Amazon.com, Inc., and its subsidiaries) is the Internet's No. 1 music, No. 1 DVD and video, and No. 1 book retailer. Amazon.com (Nasdaq: AMZN) opened its virtual doors on the World Wide Web in July 1995 and today offers Earth's Biggest Selection, along with online auctions and free electronic greeting cards. Amazon.com seeks to be the world's most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online. Amazon.com lists more than 18 million unique items in categories including books, CDs, toys, electronics, videos, DVDs, tools and hardware, lawn and patio items, kitchen products, software, and video games. Through Amazon.com zShops, any business or individual can sell virtually anything to Amazon.com's more than 23 million customers, and with Amazon.com Payments, sellers can accept credit card transactions, avoiding the hassles of offline payments. The company also participates in sothebys.amazon.com, the leading auction site for guaranteed art, jewelry and collectibles, at www.sothebys.amazon.com. Amazon.com operates three international Web sites: www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.co.uk and www.amazon.de. It also operates the Internet Movie Database (www.imdb.com), the Web's comprehensive and authoritative source of information on more than 220,000 movies and entertainment programs and 800,000 cast and crew members dating from the birth of film in 1892 to 2003. Amazon Anywhere is the leader in mobile e-commerce, providing access from anywhere in the world to Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk and Amazon.de on personal digital assistants (PDAs) and through handheld wireless Internet devices that use HDML or the Wireless Application Protocol. Amazon.com has invested in leading Internet retailers that are improving the lives of customers by making shopping easier and more convenient: Greenlight.com, the only company that offers car buyers the control of auto purchasing online with ongoing service and support from local dealerships, at www.greenlight.com; drugstore.com, an online retail and information source for health, beauty, wellness, personal care and pharmacy, at www.drugstore.com; Pets.com, the online leader for pet products, expert information, and services, at www.pets.com; Gear.com, which offers brand-name sporting goods at prices from 20 to 90 percent off retail, at www.gear.com; Ashford.com, the leading Internet retailer of luxury and premium products and the Web's No. 1 retailer of watches and jewelry, at www.ashford.com; Audible, Inc., the leader in Internet-delivered spoken audio for PC-based listening or playback on AudibleReady portable digital audio devices, at www.audible.com; and eZiba.com, a leading online retailer of handcrafted products from around the world, at www.eziba.com. Amazon.com also has a minority interest in NextCard, Inc., considered the industry's leading issuer of consumer credit on the Internet, at www.nextcard.com; and Kozmo.com, the world's leading “e-mmediate” Internet-to-door delivery service, at www.kozmo.com. This announcement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, Amazon.com's limited operating history, anticipated losses, significant amount of indebtedness, unpredictability of future revenues, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, seasonality, consumer trends, competition, risk of distribution center expansion, risks related to fourth quarter performance, risks of system interruption, management of potential growth, inventory risks, risks related to auction and zShops services, risks related to fraud and Amazon.com Payments, and risks of new business areas, international expansion, business combinations, strategic alliances and the Amazon Commerce Network. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in Amazon.com's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1999, and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2000, and June 30, 2000.
Global lodging powerhouse moves to AWS, leveraging the broadest and deepest portfolio of cloud services to innovate faster and deliver new and enhanced guest experiences SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 2, 2019-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that Best Western Hotels & Resorts is moving its infrastructure to AWS – going all-in the world’s leading cloud – to automate processes and quickly develop new and more personalized experiences for travelers visiting its more than 4,700 properties around the world. Best Western Hotels & Resorts will migrate all of its business-critical applications to AWS including its hotel reservation system, customer reward platform, and global contact centers, with plans to complete the migration of these applications from its existing data centers by the end of 2020. Best Western Hotels & Resorts is leveraging the breadth and depth of AWS services, including analytics, machine learning, database, compute, and storage, as well as the expertise from AWS Professional Services, to accelerate the pace of innovation and improve operational efficiency for its member-owners that independently own and operate its hotel properties. As part of its move to the cloud, Best Western Hotels & Resorts is migrating its hotel reservation systems off legacy databases to Amazon Aurora (for its primary database needs) and Amazon Redshift (for data warehousing) to increase capacity and enable faster processing of hotel reservations around the world, enabling the company to scale during peak travel booking periods. The hotel brand is planning to use Amazon Connect, a cloud-based contact center service, to better serve customers around the globe who need booking support, along with AWS machine learning services, such as Amazon Transcribe and Amazon Comprehend, to convert speech to text and uncover insights to deliver more personalized customer experiences for guests. Working with AWS, Best Western Hotels & Resorts is identifying additional ways to use analytics and machine learning services across its entire business. For example, they plan to use Amazon SageMaker, a fully managed service to build, train, and deploy ML models, and Amazon Forecast, a fully managed service that uses machine learning to deliver highly accurate forecasts, to uncover key trends and guest booking patterns in order to offer more personalized recommendations to the nearly 40 million members of its Best Western Rewards® loyalty program. “In recent years we have embarked on a digital transformation that is designed to delight our guests, develop agile ways of working, and create new value for guests, hotel owners, and employees,” said Greg Adams, Senior Vice President and Chief Digital Officer for Best Western Hotels & Resorts. “With its unmatched portfolio of services, AWS is a natural fit for Best Western Hotels & Resorts’ move to the cloud, as we focus on improving processes, driving better business results for our member-owners, and delivering even greater value to travelers around the world.” “For more than 70 years, Best Western Hotels & Resorts has been a leader in the hospitality industry, providing accommodations that are a welcome ‘home away from home’ for every kind of traveler, with a commitment to delivering the highest level of satisfaction to guests,” said Mike Clayville, Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Sales at AWS. “Going all-in on AWS will accelerate their digital transformation, delivering scalability, agility, and the ability to innovate more quickly than ever before. We are thrilled to enable Best Western Hotels & Resorts on the next phase in their journey of providing new and quality services to guests around the world.” For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 69 Availability Zones (AZs) within 22 geographic regions, with announced plans for 13 more Availability Zones and four more AWS Regions in Indonesia, Italy, South Africa, and Spain. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Best Western Hotels & Resorts headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, is a privately held hotel brand within the BWH Hotel GroupSM global network. With 17 brands and approximately 4,700 hotels in over 100 countries and territories worldwide*, BWH Hotel Group suits the needs of developers and guests in every market. Brands include Best Western®, Best Western Plus®, Best Western Premier®, Executive Residency by Best Western®, Vīb®, GLō®, Aiden®, Sadie®, BW Premier Collection® and BW Signature Collection®. Through recent acquisition, WorldHotels® Luxury, WorldHotels Elite and WorldHotels Distinctive brands are also offered. Completing the portfolio is SureStay®, SureStay Plus®, SureStay Collection® and SureStay StudioSM franchises**. For more information visit bestwestern.com or bestwesterndevelopers.com. * Numbers are approximate, may fluctuate, and include hotels currently in the development pipeline. **All Best Western, WorldHotels and SureStay branded hotels are independently owned and operated.
Germany’s premier football league to use AWS machine learning and analytics to enhance the fan experience and deliver new game and player statistics during the 2019-20 season and beyond SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 13, 2020-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that Germany's Bundesliga has selected AWS as its official technology provider to deliver more in-depth insight into every live broadcast of Bundesliga games and enable new personalized fan experiences. Bundesliga will use AWS artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), analytics, compute, database, and storage services to deliver real-time statistics to predict future plays and game outcomes, and recommend personalized match footage across mobile, online, streaming, and television broadcasts. Using AWS technology, Germany’s premier national football league will build new cloud-based services that automate processes, increase operational efficiency, and enhance the viewing experience for the league’s rapidly growing global fan base. By developing a new, next-generation statistics platform on AWS, using Amazon SageMaker, a fully managed service to build, train, and deploy ML models, Bundesliga will offer fans real-time predictions on when a goal is likely to be scored, identify potential goal-scoring opportunities, and highlight how teams are positioning and controlling the field, based on live data streams and historical data from over 10,000 Bundesliga games. Bundesliga also plans to leverage AWS ML services, such as Amazon Personalize, an ML service to create real-time and individualized recommendations, to offer fans personalized game footage, marketing promotions, and search results based on their favorite teams, players, or matches. Using other AWS ML services, including Amazon Rekognition, an intelligent image and video analysis service, Bundesliga will build a cloud-based media archive that will automatically tag specific frames, from its more than 150,000 hours of video, with metadata such as game, jersey, player, team, and venue, so that the league can easily search historical footage and surface pivotal plays for in-game broadcasts, in more than 200 countries. This archive will enable Bundesliga to search across its entire history of football footage to provide a more enhanced viewing experience for fans and automate the current manual process of searching and tagging match highlights. “We are extremely excited to be working alongside AWS to develop the next generation of football viewing experience,” said Christian Seifert, CEO of Bundesliga. “Innovation means challenging the status quo. Working closely with AWS, as one of the most innovative technology companies in the world, significantly enhances the investment we’ve made in innovation over the past two decades, all of which contributes to us being able to deliver a world-class football experience for our fans.” “As the league with the highest average number of goals per game, and the highest stadium attendance globally, the Bundesliga is one of the most entertaining sports leagues in the world,” said Andy Isherwood, Vice President and Managing Director EMEA, Amazon Web Services, Inc. “We are thrilled to work with the Bundesliga and help them use cloud technology to give football fans around the world a more engaging match day experience and look forward to helping them leverage our deep portfolio of ML and AI services so they can deliver even greater insight into the world’s favourite game.” Football fans can follow all of the latest Bundesliga action, with statistics powered by AWS, on Bundesliga.com and via the official Facebook, Twitter and Instagram channels. For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 175 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 69 Availability Zones (AZs) within 22 geographic regions, with announced plans for 13 more Availability Zones and four more AWS Regions in Indonesia, Italy, South Africa, and Spain. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. The Bundesliga is the premier professional association football league in Germany and the football league with the highest average stadium attendance worldwide. The league was established in 1963 and comprises 18 teams which operate on a system of promotion and relegation with the Bundesliga 2. The Bundesliga is broadcast on television in over 200 countries and is operated by the DFL Deutsche Fußball Liga.
The Kids Are Back! Amazon Prime Video to Bring Back The Kids in the Hall With New Episodes as First Canadian Amazon Original Series Brand new episodes of the beloved Canadian sketch series will come to Prime Video for Canada and around the world in more than 200 countries and territories Lorne Michaels’ Broadway Video and Canadian production company Project 10 on board to produce TORONTO--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- (Nasdaq:AMZN) – Amazon today announced that the critically-acclaimed sketch comedy series, The Kids in the Hall, will be making a comeback on Prime Video. With the return of all of the original “Kids,” the 8-episode Amazon Original series, which will be a continuation of the original show, will be available to Prime members in Canada and around the world in more than 200 countries and territories. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20200305005813/en/ First premiering in 1989, the original Emmy Award-nominated The Kids in the Hall starred Canadian comedians Dave Foley, Kevin McDonald, Bruce McCulloch, Mark McKinney and Scott Thompson. All of the original “Kids” will be reprising fan-favorite characters (and assuming some new ones) for the series’ next iteration. The original series earned multiple Gemini Awards along with the cast being honored with the Canadian Screen Awards ICON AWARD in 2019. The series will be executive produced by Saturday Night Live creator, Lorne Michaels. “We’ve been investing in Canada for several years and are excited to add to that momentum by making The Kids in the Hall the first Canadian Amazon Original series,” said James Farrell, Vice President of International Originals for Amazon Studios. “The Kids in the Hall is an iconic show with a deep-rooted fan base. Several of our global hits, including The Boys, Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryanand The Expanse have been filmed in Canada and we are looking forward to continuing our work with talented producers and crew teams across the country to bring this series to our Prime members around the world.” “Even after 30 years, The Kids in the Hall has retained its brilliance and originality,” said Executive Producer, Lorne Michaels. “We are happy to be bringing back all of the original ‘Kids’ for the new series.” Since 2015, Prime Video has filmed 18 Amazon Original series and films in Canada, including The Man in the High Castle and the upcoming series Upload in Vancouver, The Boys and The Expanse in Toronto, the upcoming Tales from the Loop in Winnipeg, as well as parts of Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryanand the upcoming film, The Voyeurs in Montreal. The Kids in the Hall will be the first Canadian Amazon Original series and follows the release of Amazon Original series that have been launched around the world in countries including Brazil, France, Germany, India, Italy, Mexico, Japan, Spain, the U.K. and the U.S. The series will join thousands of TV shows and movies in the Prime Video catalogue, including award winning and critically-acclaimed Amazon Originals such as 2020 Golden Globe and Emmy award-winner Fleabag, Emmy and Golden Globe award-winner The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel and the recently released Hunters, from Executive Producer Jordan Peele and starring Al Pacino. Prime Video is a premium streaming service that offers Prime members a collection of award winning Amazon Original series, thousands of movies and TV shows—all with the ease of finding what they love to watch in one place. Find out more at PrimeVideo.com. • Included with Prime Video: Watch thousands of popular movies and TV shows, including our critically-acclaimed Amazon Originals such as the Emmy Award-winning comedies Fleabag and The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryan, The Boys, Homecoming, Hanna, Good Omens, Carnival Row, Guava Islandfrom Donald Glover, exclusives, live sports including Thursday Night Football and licensed and self-published content available in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide. • Watch more with Prime Video Channels: Prime members can add channels they love such as Hayu, Starz and STACKTV, an all-in entertainment multipack offering the latest episodes of hit shows from 12 great networks. Most subscriptions start with a free trial, and you can cancel anytime. • Instant Access: Watch where you want, when you want with the Prime Video app on Fire TV, Roku, Apple TV, Chromecast, Android and iOS, compatible Smart TVs, select game consoles, select MVPDs including Shaw and Rogers, or online at PrimeVideo.com. In the Prime Video app on mobile and tablet, Prime members can download most videos and watch them anywhere offline at no additional cost. • Included with Prime: Prime members have access to further entertainment benefits including music and reading, alongside free delivery on millions of items as fast as same-day for just /year or /month (plus applicable taxes). Eligible customers can sign-up for a free 30-day trial. Learn more at amazon.ca/prime. Prime was designed to make your life better every single day. Over 150 million paid members around the world enjoy the many benefits of Prime, including shopping and entertainment. For Canada, that includes unlimited access to award-winning movies and TV episodes with Prime Video, Prime Video Channels, ad-free listening of over one million songs on Prime Music, unlimited access to hundreds of books with Prime Reading, free games and in-game loot with Twitch Prime, free unlimited photo storage with Amazon Photos, early access to select Lightning Deals, Prime Day, and more. Prime was built on the foundation of unlimited fast, free shipping and members receive Prime FREE Same-Day Delivery in Toronto, Vancouver and Calgary, Prime FREE One-Day Delivery in 33 cities and towns, and unlimited FREE Two-Day Shipping on millions of items. Prime is CDN per year or CDN a month and eligible customers can start a free trial at amazon.ca/prime. University and college students can join Prime Student for 50% off and enjoy the benefits of Prime with a six-month free trial at amazon.ca/primestudent. Amazon Business customers—from small businesses to large enterprises, as well as education, government and non-profit organizations—can also take advantage of Prime’s fast, free shipping and exclusive business-relevant benefits with Business Prime, which starts at CDN per year for up to three users at amazon.ca/businessprime. Broadway Video is a global media and entertainment company focused on the creation and distribution of premier content. Founded by Lorne Michaels in 1979, Broadway Video’s legacy originated with the cultural icon Saturday Night Live. Broadway Video has since built a stable of television programs including The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Shrill, Los Espookys, Documentary Now!, Late Night with Seth Meyers, A.P. Bio, Miracle Workers, The Other Two, Detroiters, Portlandia, 30 Rock and feature films such as Wayne’s World and Mean Girls. Broadway Video has also created and launched the digital studios Above Average, Más Mejor, and The Kicker. Project 10 is a global television production company with offices in Toronto and Los Angeles specializing in scripted comedy. The company works closely with high-profile talent to develop and produce compelling content for the worldwide marketplace. The principal executives for Project 10 Productions Inc. are Andrew Barnsley, Ben Murray (Toronto) and Andrew Moncrief (Los Angeles). Leveraging their considerable strengths and decades of experience with those of partner and three-time MLB All-Star Vernon Wells, Project 10 has established itself as a go-to partner for domestic and international creators, broadcasters and distributors alike.
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(NASDAQ: AMZN) - Amazon today announced the Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) service delivered more than 2 billion items for Marketplace sellers worldwide in 2016. The Amazon Marketplace creates opportunities for sellers, brand owners and entrepreneurs to reach customers around the world. FBA items shipped worldwide grew more than 50 percent during the holiday season, while Prime members ordered millions of items from sellers in the Seller Fulfilled Prime program offering free two-day or next-day shipping. “2016 was a record-breaking year in sales worldwide for sellers on Amazon. The Amazon Marketplace empowers brand owners and retailers of all sizes, many of them small businesses, to reach customers around the world,” said Peter Faricy, VP for Amazon Marketplace. “In fact, according to our economic studies, sellers have created over 600,000 new jobs outside of Amazon. Sellers are choosing Amazon because we help them build and grow their businesses with impactful programs like Seller Fulfilled Prime, and we’re proud of the fact that sellers are reinvesting their success into their local communities by creating jobs.” “As a growing business and brand owner, the Amazon Exclusives and FBA programs helped us accelerate our business to achieve more than 100 percent growth in sales this year,” said Ben Arneberg, co-founder of Willow & Everett. “The FBA service handles the work of packaging and shipping orders to customers, which gives us the time to create new products that customers will love. We had our most successful Black Friday and Cyber Monday ever, and on Prime Day earlier in the year our sales boomed more than 10x compared to last year.” • Active sellers worldwide using the FBA service grew more than 70 percent. • Outside the U.S., FBA units shipped grew more than 80 percent. • Using the FBA service, Amazon sellers from more than 130 different countries around the world fulfilled orders to customers in 185 countries. • The Seller Fulfilled Prime program added more than 6 million new items that are now Prime eligible across the U.S., U.K., France, Germany and Japan. • Sellers on Amazon that reached $100K in sales grew by 30 percent. • Sellers worldwide have created more than 600,000 new jobs outside of Amazon. • Sellers worldwide received orders for more than 28 million items on Cyber Monday. • FBA items shipped worldwide grew more than 50 percent year-over-year during the holiday season. • Prime members worldwide ordered millions of items from sellers in the Seller Fulfilled Prime program offering free two-day or next-day shipping. • Sponsored Products clicks worldwide grew by more than 150 percent driven by expansion of advertising placements on desktop and mobile sites. • The number of sellers worldwide using Sponsored Products grew more than 100 percent. • Sponsored Products introduced a new and convenient payment method, Unified Billing, which allows Sellers to deduct their advertising spend from sales proceeds. • Amazon Business (www.amazon.com/business) generated more than $1 billion in sales in its first year, with sellers receiving over half of the orders. Amazon Business now serves more than 400,000 business customers in the U.S., and includes more than 45,000 sellers with access to the business-specific selling tools. Amazon Business launched in Germany, marking its first international expansion. • Handmade at Amazon (www.amazon.com/handmade) launched in Germany, France, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, expanding its selection of handcrafted artisan-made goods to customers in the EU. In the U.S., the Handmade at Amazon store added six new categories (Accessories, Baby, Toys and Games, Beauty & Grooming, Pet Supplies) and now offers over 500,000 items sold directly by artisans across all 50 states from 80 countries around the world. • Amazon Home Services (www.amazon.com/services), a marketplace for on-demand professional services, expanded to more than 50 U.S. metro areas. Home Services now offers over 1,200 unique services from providers across 60 professions. Customer orders fulfilled by Home Services pros grew more than 200 percent. • Amazon Exclusives (www.amazon.com/exclusives), a store that gives customers direct access to innovative new products from 600 up-and-coming brands, with thousands of unique items being added each month. Sales from the Amazon Exclusives store grew more than 250 percent. • Amazon Mexico (www.amazon.com.mx) continued its expansion by enabling more than 20,000 domestic and international sellers to add more than 50 million product offers available to Mexican customers. • Popular brands that started selling on Amazon included American Girl, Lands’ End and Segway. • Amazon introduced the Pan-European FBA program allowing sellers to build their international business by selling across all Amazon European marketplaces while shipping inventory to just one destination. • Sellers on Amazon worldwide used capital from Amazon Lending loans to grow sales by an estimated $4 billion. The Amazon Lending program offers business loans to invited sellers on Amazon to help them grow their businesses. • Amazon hosted more than 300 women-owned businesses in Seattle for the first-ever Amazon Marketplace Women’s Entrepreneur Conference. Businesses interested in Selling on Amazon, FBA and Sponsored Products can visit us for more details at http://services.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about.
Amazon Crossing Kids will publish English-language translations of popular and award-winning picture books from across the globe SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 25, 2019-- (NASDAQ:AMZN)—Amazon Publishing today announced the launch of Amazon Crossing Kids, a new imprint for children’s picture books in translation. Building on the work of Amazon Crossing, the largest publisher of translated fiction in the United States, and Amazon Publishing’s Two Lions imprint, a leading children’s book publisher, Amazon Crossing Kids aims to increase the diversity of children’s picture books in translation and encourage young reading from a range of cultural perspectives. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190125005007/en/ Amazon Crossing Kids launches with three picture books and is seeking picture book submissions from all regions of the world. The first titles on the list are: • Spiky,written and illustrated by Ilaria Guarducci and translated by Laura Watkinson (7/1/2019): First published in Italy in 2016, this is the story of a forest creature named Spiky, who spends his days bullying the other forest creatures and sharpening the spikes on his body. But suddenly, when he begins to lose his spikes, he must learn how to befriend the other creatures of the forest and share his softer side, making meaningful relationships along the way. • A Tiger Like Me,written by Michael Engler, illustrated by Joëlle Tourlonias and translated by Laura Watkinson (9/1/2019): First published in Germany in 2016, this sweet story follows a little boy who likes to reimagine his world as that of a tiger’s. This “tiger cub” shares with the reader a day in the life of him and his “tiger” family—waking up in the den, eating in his favorite spot, and how a little tiger feels when he’s awake, hungry, or in the mood for an adventure. With splendor and delight, this little boy encourages the reader to get creative with his or her own imagination. • Along the Tapajós,written and illustrated by Fernando Vilela and translated by Daniel Hahn (10/1/19): First published in Brazil in 2015, this is the story of two children—and their pet tortoise Titi—who live in the region of Jarí, a small community that links the Amazon and Tapajós rivers. Every year, the families living there must relocate when the rainy season starts. When the boy and his sister move with their family, they realize that they have left Titi behind! Eager to rescue him, the pair sneaks back at night on a journey along the river. This story offers a unique look at this way of life. Two Lions Editorial Director Kelsey Skea will also serve as Editorial Director of Amazon Crossing Kids, working in collaboration with Two Lions Editor Marilyn Brigham and Amazon Crossing Editorial Director Gabriella Page-Fort, to acquire a diverse list of storytellers, illustrators, and translators from across the globe. “We’re delighted to blend the missions of Amazon Crossing and Two Lions by introducing terrific books from around the globe to readers who are beginning to develop their worldview,” says Mikyla Bruder, Publisher of Amazon Publishing. “Whether a title has a universal theme with regionally-influenced artistry or focuses on an aspect of local culture, our list will encompass a broad range of perspectives, styles, and characters that celebrate what makes us unique as well as what we have in common.” Award-winning translators, Laura Watkinson and Daniel Hahn, will translate the first titles from Amazon Crossing Kids. Laura Watkinson has translated from Dutch, Italian, and German and is the winner of the Vondel Prize for her Dutch-to-English translation of The Letter for the King as well as a 3-time winner of the Mildred L. Batchelder Award. Daniel Hahn has translated works from Portuguese, Spanish, and French and is the recipient of the Independent Foreign Fiction Prize for his translation of The Book of Chameleons and was shortlisted for the 2016 Man Booker Prize for his translation of A General Theory of Oblivion, which won the International Dublin Literary Award. “Publishing and translating children’s books from around the world is an important way to provide young readers with writing, illustration, and storytelling of the most extraordinary range and quality,” says Daniel Hahn, translator of the forthcoming Amazon Crossing Kids picture book Along the Tapajós. “Any new attempt to broaden our literary horizons, by making it easier for a greater variety of books to find a greater pool of readers, is to be welcomed enthusiastically!” Both Amazon Crossing and Amazon Crossing Kids accept book proposals from any language for translation into English at translation.amazon.com/submissions. Amazon Publishing is a leading publisher of trade fiction, nonfiction, and children’s books with a mission to empower outstanding storytellers and connect them with readers worldwide. The Amazon Publishing teams based in Seattle, New York, Grand Haven, Luxembourg, London, Paris, Madrid, Milan and Munich contribute to discovering and publishing emerging, bestselling and critically-acclaimed authors in digital, print and audio formats. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Announces Three New Renewable Energy Projects in the US and UK to Support Amazon’s Pledge to Reach 80% Renewable Energy by 2024 and 100% Renewable Energy by 2030 Projects will support Amazon’s commitment to The Climate Pledge to be net zero carbon by 2040 and supply renewable energy to the company’s Amazon Web Services data centers that support Amazon and millions of AWS customers globally Amazon’s first renewable energy project in Scotland, second in North Carolina, and eighth in the Commonwealth of Virginia - combined, are expected to produce 265 MW of additional renewable capacity and approximately 670,000 MWh of energy annually, or enough to power more than 62,000 homes Globally, Amazon has nearly 70 renewable energy projects that have the capacity to generate over 1,600 MW and deliver more than 4.6 million MWh of energy annually SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)—Oct. 24, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced three new renewable energy projects in the US and UK that support Amazon’s commitment to The Climate Pledge and reaching 80% renewable energy by 2024 and 100% renewable energy target by 2030 on its path to net zero carbon by 2040. Major investments in renewable energy are a critical step toward addressing Amazon’s carbon footprint globally, and Amazon’s newest renewable energy project in Europe will be the largest corporate wind power purchase agreement (PPA) in the UK, located on the Kintyre Peninsula, Scotland. Once complete, the new Amazon Wind Farm will provide 50 megawatts (MW) of new renewable capacity with expected generation of 168,000 megawatt hours (MWh) of clean energy annually, enough to power 46,000 UK homes. Amazon’s newest renewable energy solar projects in the US will be located in Warren County, North Carolina, and Prince George County, Virginia. Together, they total 215 MW and are expected to generate 500,997 MWh of energy annually. This will be Amazon’s second renewable energy project in the state of North Carolina and eighth renewable energy project in the Commonwealth of Virginia. Once complete, the three new Amazon renewable energy wind and solar projects will provide 265 MW of additional renewable capacity and are expected to begin producing energy in 2021, supplying energy to the company’s Amazon Web Services data centers, which power Amazon and millions of AWS customers globally. To date, Amazon has launched 18 utility-scale wind and solar renewable energy projects that will generate over 1,600 MW of renewable capacity and deliver more than 4.6 million MWh of clean energy annually – enough to power 368,000 U.S. homes. Amazon has also installed more than 50 solar rooftops on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe that generate 98 MW of renewable capacity and deliver 130,000 MWh of clean energy annually. “In addition to the environmental benefits inherently associated with running applications in the cloud, Amazon is committed to minimizing our carbon emissions and reaching 80% renewable energy use across the company by 2024. We’ve announced eight projects this year and have more projects on the horizon – and we’re committed to investing in renewable energy as a critical step toward addressing our carbon footprint globally,” said Kara Hurst, Director of Sustainability, Amazon. “With nearly 70 renewable energy projects around the globe – including 54 solar rooftops – we are making significant progress towards reaching Amazon’s company-wide commitment to reach 100% renewable energy by 2030.” “Agreements like this Power Purchase Agreement speak volumes about the levels of confidence from major employers and businesses across all sectors in Scotland’s renewable energy infrastructure,” said Paul Wheelhouse, MSP, Minister for Energy, Connectivity and the Islands, Scotland. “In 2018, Scotland was able to achieve a record level of renewable energy generation, with revised data showing that 76.3% of Scotland’s electricity demand was met from renewable sources, and onshore wind energy alone was capable of meeting more than 50% of Scotland’s gross electricity demand. These fantastic figures illustrate the importance of onshore wind in our current energy mix, as a highly cost effective source of generation, but also the leading role it will play in meeting our future energy needs, too.” “Today’s announcement by Amazon is another important step for North Carolina’s clean energy plan that will increase our reliance on renewables and reduce our greenhouse gas emissions,” said North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper. “Not only is this the right thing to do for our planet, it’s the right thing to do for our economy. More clean energy jobs means better jobs for North Carolina families.” “It’s wonderful to see the announcement of these new projects, helping bring more clean energy to the Commonwealth of Virginia where Amazon is already recognized as a leader in bringing renewable energy projects online,” said Virginia Governor Ralph Northam. “These solar farms help reaffirm the Commonwealth's role as a leading producer of clean energy in the U.S., helping take the nation forward in responding to climate change.” “I applaud Amazon’s continued leadership in the Commonwealth and commitment to sustainability,” said Congressman Donald McEachin. “Renewable energy projects like the Fort Powhatan solar farm will make our communities safer and healthier while creating the advanced energy jobs that are essential to helping us address climate change.” To track progress toward these goals, Amazon launched a new sustainability website to report on its sustainability commitments, initiatives, and performance. The site includes information on Amazon’s carbon footprint and other sustainability metrics that share the progress the company is making towards reaching The Climate Pledge. The new goals, commitments, investments, and programs build on Amazon’s long-term commitment to sustainability through existing innovative programs, including Shipment Zero – Amazon’s vision to make all shipments net zero carbon, with 50% net zero carbon by 2030; sustainable packaging initiatives like Frustration-Free Packaging and Ship in Own Container, which have reduced packaging waste by 25% since 2015; renewable energy programs; investments in the circular economy with the Closed Loop Fund; and numerous other initiatives happening every day by teams across Amazon. Visit https://sustainability.aboutamazon.com/ to view the company’s new sustainability report and learn more. About Amazon  Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. About Amazon Web Services  For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 69 Availability Zones (AZs) within 22 geographic regions, spanning the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Middle East, Singapore, Sweden, and the UK. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com.
New facility will total more than one million square feet and create 500 new, full-time jobs SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 26, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced plans to open a fulfillment center in Deltona, Florida, creating more than 500 new, full-time jobs with industry-leading pay of an hour and up, and comprehensive benefits starting on day one. Employees at the more than one million-square-foot fulfillment center will pick, pack and ship large customer items, such as sports equipment, patio furniture, fishing rods, pet food, kayaks, bicycles, and larger household goods. “We’re excited to continue our investment in Florida and further expand our presence in the state with this new fulfillment center in Deltona,” said Alicia Boler Davis, Amazon’s vice president of global customer fulfillment. “Since 2013, Amazon has invested more than in Florida through local fulfillment centers and cloud infrastructure, research facilities, and compensation to thousands of employees in the state.” Amazon has created more than 13,500 full-time jobs in Florida since first launching fulfillment operations in the Sunshine State in 2013. Currently, Amazon operates facilities in Orlando, Miami, Tampa, and Jacksonville. “I applaud Amazon for this newest fulfillment center and their continued investment in Florida,” said Governor Ron DeSantis. “Amazon is proving that by investing in modern supply chains, consumers are well-served, environmental impacts are minimized, and infrastructure is best utilized. I look forward to the positive impacts this center will have on Volusia County.” “Deltona’s strategic location along the I-4 Corridor will serve Amazon well, and hosting Amazon telegraphs the fact that Deltona is open for business,” said Mayor Heidi Herzberg. “Analysis of the site confirms it as a prime location. And Amazon’s selection of the site represents great employment and economic development opportunities for Deltona, its residents and neighboring communities.” On top of Amazon’s minimum wage, the company offers full-time employees comprehensive benefits including full medical, vision, and dental insurance as well as a 401(k) with 50 percent match, starting on day one. The company also offers up to 20 weeks of maternal and parental paid leave and innovative benefits such as Leave Share and Ramp Back, which give new parents flexibility with their growing families. In addition, Amazon has pledged to invest over to provide upskilling training for 100,000 U.S. employees for in-demand jobs. All associates at the Deltona center will go through hours of safety training and have access to continuing education opportunities through Amazon’s upskilling programs such as Career Choice. In this program, the company will pre-pay up to 95 percent of tuition for courses related to in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since the program’s launch, more than 25,000 employees have pursued degrees in disciplines such as game design and visual communications, nursing, IT programming and radiology, to name a few. "Amazon brings more than a major fulfillment center to Volusia County," said Dr. Charles Duva, Chairman of Team Volusia Economic Development Corporation and Co-founder and Chairman of DuvaSawko, one of the community's leading employers. "Amazon brings a dynamic global brand to the community along with state-of-the-art systems that will support the company's growth as we move further into the 21st century." Amazon’s fulfillment network supports millions of businesses of all sizes worldwide through its Fulfillment By Amazon offering, and many of those local organizations are based in Florida. There are more than 139,000 authors, small and medium-sized businesses, and developers in Florida growing their companies and reaching new customers on Amazon products and services. The project is being developed by Seefried Industrial Properties. To learn more about working at an Amazon fulfillment center, visit www.amazondelivers.jobs. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
New facility will total more than one-million-square-feet and create 500 new, full-time jobs SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 20, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced plans to open a fulfillment center in Auburndale, Florida. When the site opens, Amazon will create more than 500 new, full-time jobs starting at an hour with comprehensive benefits starting on day one. Employees at the more than one million-square-foot fulfillment center will pick, pack and ship large customer items, such as sports equipment, patio furniture, fishing rods, pet food, kayaks, bicycles, and larger household goods. Amazon currently employs more than 13,500 full-time associates throughout the state of Florida. “We are excited to join the Auburndale community and create more than 500 new, full-time jobs with industry-leading pay and benefits at our newest fulfillment center in the state,” said Alicia Boler Davis, Amazon’s vice president of global customer fulfillment. “Florida has been a source of exceptional talent for Amazon and the Sunshine state is an ideal location to provide great selection, competitive prices and superfast shipping speeds to Floridians.” “Amazon’s new distribution center in Auburndale is a big win for Polk County and our entire state,” said Governor Ron DeSantis. “We are grateful that Amazon recognizes Florida’s investment value and look forward to the economic benefits and job opportunities this new center will provide for our residents.” On top of Amazon’s minimum wage, the company offers full-time employees comprehensive benefits including full medical, vision, and dental insurance as well as a 401(k) with 50 percent match starting on day one. The company also offers up to 20 weeks of maternal and parental paid leave and innovative benefits such as Leave Share and Ramp Back, which give new parents flexibility with their growing families. In addition, Amazon has pledged to invest over to provide upskilling training for 100,000 U.S. employees for in demand jobs. All associates will go through hours of safety training and have access to continuing education opportunities through Amazon’s upskilling programs such as Career Choice. In this program, the company will pre-pay up to 95 percent of tuition for courses related to in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since the program’s launch, more than 25,000 employees have pursued degrees in game design and visual communications, nursing, IT programming and radiology, to name a few. “Amazon has been an impactful employer providing good jobs and expanded tax base for Polk County citizens,” said George Lindsey, Chairman for Polk County Board of County Commissioners. “They continue to invest in our community further strengthening our economic prosperity. We are proud that this will be Amazon’s fourth facility in Polk County and we look forward to continued collaboration and success.” “Auburndale is pleased to have Amazon join the family of businesses that call our City home,” said Tim Pospichal, Mayor of Auburndale. “We look forward to the opportunities this fulfillment center will provide the residents of our City.” Amazon’s fulfillment network supports millions of businesses of all sizes worldwide through its Fulfillment By Amazon offering, and many of those local organizations are based in Florida. There are more than 139,000 authors, small and medium-sized businesses, and developers in Florida growing their companies and reaching new customers on Amazon products and services. The project is being developed by ProLogis. To learn more about working at an Amazon fulfillment center, visit www.amazondelivers.jobs. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon opens new 84,000 square foot office located in downtown Portland to double its tech workforce in the area The company has created more than 3,500 full-time jobs in Oregon and invested over in the state since 2010, including infrastructure and compensation Amazon employs more than 20,000 employees across the company’s growing network of North American Tech Hubs SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 21, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced an expansion of its Portland Tech Hub and plans to create 400 new high tech jobs in fields including software development, operations, IT, Support Engineering, Solutions Architects, and Product Management. With a new 84,000 square foot office in downtown Portland Amazon expects to double its tech workforce in the area. The company has created more than 3,500 full-time jobs in Oregon since 2010 and invested over in the state, including customer fulfillment facilities, cloud infrastructure, and compensation to its employees. “We are excited to create more tech jobs in a city with a historic culture of innovation and tremendous talent,” said Khawaja Shams, VP of Engineering, AWS Elemental in Amazon’s new Portland office. “We look forward to hiring locally and generating more opportunity in our vibrant community. Thank you to all of our partners across the city and state for helping us to continue to invest here and contribute to keep growing and diversifying the local economy.” “Our state is a great place to live, work, and play, and I’m pleased to see more Oregon jobs in the pipeline via the Amazon Portland Tech Hub,” said Governor Kate Brown. “By adding 400 more jobs, we grow both our vibrant tech industry and our community.” “The City of Portland continues to be a leader in the technology sector, and the expansion of Amazon’s Portland Tech Hub is another example of that,” Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler said. “It’s a win any time we can add jobs to our already-thriving economy.” “Amazon’s expansion in Portland will have a tremendous impact on opportunities for our local workforce,” said Kimberly Branam, Prosper Portland executive director. “We look forward to the company’s growth here as a strong community partner helping us build an equitable economy.” Amazon’s Portland Tech Hub is one of the company’s 18 North American Tech Hubs – a network of development centers in addition to Amazon’s Seattle and Northern Virginia headquarters. Together, these Hubs have more than 20,000 employees innovating for Amazon customers around the world. Portland-based Amazon teams currently build and support products and services for Amazon Web Services (AWS) including AWS Elemental which was founded in Portland in 2006. With more than 650,000 employees worldwide, Amazon has been recognized on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list for the past four years, ranked #2 in the Fortune 2017 and 2018 World’s Most Admired Companies, and ranked #5 in Fast Company'sWorld’s Most Innovative Companies. The company also receives a perfect score from the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index. Amazon offers a wide range of programs to equip employees with the skills for new, in-demand jobs – from paid cloud computing apprenticeships, to Amazon Technical Academy to its innovative Career Choice initiative, which prepays 95 percent of the cost of tuition to pursue continuing education courses in in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. All these program are part of Upskilling 2025, a commitment by Amazon looking to support all employees in gaining critical skills to move into higher skill, better paying, technical or non-technical roles. Since 2010, Amazon has invested over in Oregon, building customer fulfillment facilities, cloud infrastructure and research facilities. The company estimates that these direct investments in the state contributed more than to Oregon’s economy (2010-2018) and generated an additional 13,000 indirect jobs on top of the company’s direct hires. There are also more than 34,500 authors, developers, and small and medium-sized businesses in Oregon’s growing their businesses with Amazon. As a part of Amazon’s ongoing commitment to the communities where employees live and work, the Amazon Future Engineer program—a childhood-to-career program to inspire, educate, and propel children and young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities to try computer science – serves more than 10 million students each year across the country. In Oregon specifically, Amazon Future Engineer is funding computer science classes in more than a dozen Oregon high schools, funding more than 30 young local students in after school coding camps, and provided one school in Oregon with an Amazon Future Engineer Robotics grant. Amazon Future Engineer also awarded one student in Oregon an Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship. Additionally, hundreds of Portland-based Amazonians volunteer with local nonprofits working on hunger, housing, education, and the environment. In 2018, employees in Portland gave back over 3,000 hours engaging with 32 nonprofits, at over 100 events. In 2019 alone, Amazon employees have volunteered more than 1,800 hours with 27 nonprofits. About Amazon Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about.
New AWS Europe (Spain) Region will arrive in next several years, enabling customers to run workloads and store data in Spain and serve end-users with even lower latency SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 31, 2019-- Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), today announced it will open an infrastructure region in Spain. The new AWS Europe (Spain) Region will consist of three Availability Zones at launch, and will be AWS’s seventh region in Europe, joining existing regions in Dublin, Frankfurt, London, Paris, Stockholm, and the upcoming Milan region launching in early 2020. The Spain Region is expected to open late 2022 or early 2023. Currently, AWS provides 69 Availability Zones across 22 infrastructure regions worldwide. With this announcement, AWS now has announced plans for 13 more Availability Zones and four more Regions in Indonesia, Italy, South Africa, and Spain. For more information on AWS’s global infrastructure, go to: https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/ “Cloud computing is already powering innovation within businesses, educational institutions, public administrations, and government agencies across Spain, and with this AWS infrastructure region, we look forward to helping accelerate this transformation,” said Peter DeSantis, Vice President of Global Infrastructure and Customer Support, Amazon Web Services. “Opening an AWS Region in Spain will drive more technology jobs and businesses, boosting the local economy, while enabling organizations across all industries to lower costs, increase security, and improve agility. We’re excited to have AWS contribute to the future growth of Spain.” AWS’s announcement was welcomed by Spain’s Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez, who described it as great news for the country. "This investment from AWS will allow Spain to fully adapt to the digital transformation and develop as an international center of innovation and technology. Cloud computing, in addition to promoting technological progress in the private sector, will enable the Public Administration to improve the services it provides to citizens. A secure cloud is an essential tool for the development of our economy, as well as for the generation of jobs in our country. We highly value AWS's commitment to the technological development of Spain and the upskilling of our citizens." The addition of the AWS Europe (Spain) Region will enable local customers with data residency requirements to store their content in Spain, with the assurance that they retain complete control over the location of their data, while customers building applications that comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will have access to another secure AWS infrastructure region in the European Union (EU) that meets the highest levels of security, compliance, and data protection. Today, AWS is also Esquema Nacional de Seguridad (ENS) High certified, meaning its infrastructure meets the highest levels of security and compliance for government agencies and public organizations in Spain. This all gives Spanish organizations from startups to enterprises and the public sector access to infrastructure in their country to leverage advanced technologies including analytics, artificial Intelligence, database, Internet of Things (IoT), machine learning, mobile services, serverless, and more to drive innovation. AWS continues to grow and invest in Spain The news of the upcoming AWS Europe (Spain) Region adds to AWS’s ongoing investment in the country. AWS first established a presence in the country in 2012, with the launch of an AWS Edge location in Madrid. This was followed by an AWS office in the city in 2014, which has a significant and growing team of account managers, business development managers, customer services representatives, partner managers, professional services consultants, solutions architects, technical account managers, and many more to help customers of all sizes as they move to the cloud. In 2016, AWS launched its first AWS Direct Connect location, allowing customers to establish a dedicated network connection from their on-premises data centers to AWS. In 2017, AWS delivered an additional Edge location and AWS Direct Connect location in Madrid. AWS has also had a presence in Barcelona since 2018, where a vibrant startup ecosystem thrives and leverages AWS to innovate faster. These investments were made to support the rapid growth of AWS in Spain and around the world. Customers and partners looking to learn more about AWS in Spain should visit aws.amazon.com/es/local/spain. For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 69 Availability Zones (AZs) within 22 geographic regions, with announced plans for 13 more Availability Zones and four more AWS Regions in Indonesia, Italy, South Africa, and Spain. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon and Ring Close Acquisition—Now Working Together to Empower Neighbors with Affordable Ways to Monitor their Homes and Reduce Crime in Neighborhoods Starting today, the popular Ring Video Doorbell has a new everyday low price of only SEATTLE & SANTA MONICA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr. 12, 2018-- (NASDAQ: AMZN)—Amazon and Ring today announced that Amazon’s acquisition of Ring is complete. The two companies will work together to accelerate Ring’s mission to reduce crime in neighborhoods with affordable, effective home security products and services, so more customers can see, hear, and speak to people on their property from anywhere. “Our mission to reduce crime in neighborhoods has been at the core of everything we do at Ring,” said Jamie Siminoff, CEO and Chief Inventor of Ring. “Together with Amazon, we will accelerate our mission dramatically by connecting more neighbors globally and making our security devices and systems more affordable and accessible. The entire Ring team is excited to continue working hard to create products and services that bring real benefits to people’s lives and build safer communities for all our neighbors.” To kick start this commitment, Amazon and Ring have dropped the price of the popular Ring Video Doorbell to , making home security more accessible than ever to customers. Ring’s Video Doorbell has been effective in reducing burglaries in neighborhoods by as much as 55 percent, according to an LAPD pilot program. Now, with Amazon’s aim to deliver premium products at non-premium prices, the two companies can help make peace of mind at home a reality for more neighbors than ever before. “Ring’s talented team has invented home security products and services that customers love. We’re excited about their work, their products and their mission, and look forward to teaming together to keep delighting customers,” said Dave Limp, SVP of Amazon Devices and Services. “And this is just the beginning—we will continue to move quickly and work hard to empower customers with a suite of security solutions that provide an affordable, effective way to secure homes and neighborhoods.” Amazon’s relationship with Ring began in 2016 through the Alexa Fund, the company’s investment arm to support companies with cutting-edge technologies that are innovating with voice. The investment provided a strong foundation for Ring to be able to lean into new Alexa APIs and capabilities, and develop a new Alexa skill that allows customers to use voice to view camera feeds directly from Echo Show and Fire TV. Neighbors experience the power and impact of the Ring Video Doorbell every day. Ring has contributed to keeping neighborhoods and neighbors safer—from helping people with disabilities more easily see who’s at the door and respond, to helping prevent activities like package theft or home burglaries. Customers can now choose from a large selection of home security products, cameras, and solutions under the Amazon umbrella, including: Ring, Blink, and Amazon Cloud Cam will continue operations under their respective brands. Customers will not experience any interruption in service and can contact the appropriate company’s customer service team with any questions or issues. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Ring's mission is to reduce crime in neighborhoods by creating a Ring of Security around homes and communities with its suite of home security products. The Ring product line, along with the Ring Neighborhoods network, enable Ring to offer affordable, proactive whole-home and neighborhood security. In fact, one Los Angeles neighborhood saw a 55 percent decrease in home break-ins after Ring Video Doorbells were installed on just ten percent of homes. For more information, visit www.ring.com. With Ring, you’re always home.
New 645,000 square-foot site in the city of Bondurant to create 1,000 new, full-time jobs SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 6, 2020-- Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced plans to open its first fulfillment center in the state of Iowa in the city of Bondurant. The site, which is anticipated to launch in late 2020, will create 1,000 new full-time jobs with industry leading pay and comprehensive benefits starting on day one. “We are delighted to be opening our first Iowa fulfillment center in the city of Bondurant and look forward to creating 1,000 new, full-time jobs with Amazon’s minimum wage and industry-leading benefits,” said Alicia Boler Davis, Amazon’s vice president of global customer fulfillment. “The site will help us continue to serve customers with great delivery options and we appreciate the strong support from local and state leaders.” “Amazon’s announcement is jet-fuel for Iowa’s future. Amazon’s investment in East Polk County, and the Bondurant community ushers in a new era of innovation, with lasting benefits for employees, our citizens, our local businesses, and our state. Bondurant’s partnership with Amazon’s fulfillment center will spark growth for Main Street entrepreneurs, builds on Iowa’s high standard of living, and will improve hometown quality of life for families across Iowa,” noted Senator Zach Nunn (R-Bondurant). At the new 645,000 square-foot fulfillment center employees will work alongside Amazon robotics to pick, pack and ship small items to customers such as books, electronics and toys. “The city of Bondurant has seen tremendous growth and success over the last decade. Today’s announcement by Amazon will add another chapter to our city’s story. This is great news for the hundreds of Iowans who will be employed at the fulfillment center as well as the people of Bondurant,” noted State Representative Brian Lohse. On top of Amazon’s minimum wage, the company offers full-time employees comprehensive benefits including full medical, vision, and dental insurance as well as a 401(k) with 50 percent match starting on day one. The company also offers up to 20 weeks of maternal and parental paid leave and innovative benefits such as Leave Share and Ramp Back, which give new parents flexibility with their growing families. “The city of Bondurant is excited to welcome and work with Amazon, who is creating more than 1,000 jobs in our region,” said Curt Sullivan, Mayor of Bondurant. “Amazon’s investment in our community will have significant impact throughout the greater Des Moines region. This project supports the City’s vision to enhance economic development opportunities and diversify employment options. It also enables the City to upgrade the public infrastructure improvements around this site for the betterment of our community members. The investments and the jobs coming to Bondurant will enhance our ability to support future public improvements and spur additional economic development.” “We are honored to be a part of the team that brought Amazon to Bondurant. Their investment in Eastern Polk county solidifies our area as a logistics hub. Amazon’s leadership will create a positive impact for jobs and culture in Central Iowa,” said Alex Lynch, Executive Director of East Polk Innovation Collaborative (EPIC). Amazon has also pledged to invest over to provide upskilling training for 100,000 U.S. employees for in demand jobs. Programs will help Amazonians from all backgrounds access training to move into highly skilled roles across the company’s corporate offices, tech hubs, fulfillment centers, retails stores, and transportation network, or pursue career paths outside of Amazon. "We are excited that Amazon is establishing a highly advanced robotic sortation center in Bondurant. Amazon's project in Iowa further demonstrates the region is a logistics and technology hub and adds to the presence of other major tech companies with operations here," said Jay Byers, CEO of the Greater Des Moines Partnership. "This project shows that Iowa continues to be recognized nationally as a top place for businesses to relocate or expand." Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Donates $2 Million to Seattle-Based Nonprofits to Expand Access to STEM and Computer Science Education for Hundreds of Thousands of Students from Underserved and Underrepresented Communities Across Washington State Amazon is donating to Washington STEM – to support their work in making STEM more accessible, equitable, and meaningful for every Washington student, especially those furthest from opportunity – and to Pacific Science Center – to develop a new computer science curriculum and expand outreach to 200,000 students in low-income communities The donation is part of Amazon Future Engineer – a childhood to career program aimed at expanding computer science access to more students from underserved and underrepresented communities across the country SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 23, 2020-- Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) today announced a total donation to two Washington nonprofit organizations working to make STEM and computer science education more accessible, equitable, and meaningful for hundreds of thousands of Washington State students, especially those from underserved and underrepresented communities. The donation includes to Washington STEM, a statewide nonprofit organization that advances excellence, innovation and equity in STEM for all Washington students, and to the Pacific Science Center (PacSci), a nonprofit focused on igniting curiosity and enabling access to science education. “We are thrilled to support more hard-working, curious students by helping improve equitable access to STEM and computer science education in our home state of Washington,” said Jeff Wilke, CEO Worldwide Consumer, Amazon. “We are excited to work with Washington STEM and PacSci – leaders in STEM and computer science education – as they work to create the resources, access, and innovative opportunities Washington students need to build their best futures, from Seattle to Spokane.” Washington STEM will use the gift to support their work to ensure all students, regardless of skin color, income, or gender, have access to the education and opportunities that will help them thrive in family-wage careers in Washington State. The funds will help fill systems-level gaps—from childhood-to-career—specifically focused on students of color, students from low-income backgrounds, students living in rural areas, and girls and young women. PacSci will use the gift to grow Science On Wheels (SOW), its flagship outreach program that builds excitement for science, technology, engineering, and math through interactive workshops, live stage shows, and portable exhibits in schools, libraries, and community centers throughout Washington State. PacSci will increase the number of students that SOW serves in low-income Title I schools. PacSci will also add a computer science curriculum to go along with the existing curriculums, which will teach core concepts and key practices in computational thinking. “By 2030, 70 percent of all Washington jobs offering a family wage will require education beyond high school in the form of certificates, apprenticeships, two-year and four-year degrees. Two-thirds of these jobs will require STEM skills,” said Angela Jones, CEO, Washington STEM. “But when you look at the data, only 40 percent of our state’s youth are on track to obtain the education they’ll need to access these STEM careers. Amazon’s investment will help close the gaps we know exist – create access for students of color, rural students, students from low-income backgrounds, and young women – and help put Washington students on pathways to Washington jobs.” “Pacific Science Center is committed to providing everyone with access to experiences that cultivate curiosity, discovery, experimentation, and critical thinking,” said Will Daugherty, president and CEO, Pacific Science Center. “Science On Wheels has delivered high-quality science education throughout the state of Washington for almost 50 years. With Amazon’s investment and ongoing partnership, Science On Wheels will have more impact than ever, especially in the schools and communities where resources are most scarce. We look forward to working together to serve students, families, and schools in this region.” “Giving our students access to a modern STEM education will lead them to rich, successful and meaningful careers in Washington’s modern economy,” said Sen. Lisa Wellman (D-Mercer Island). “I’m grateful to Washington STEM and the Pacific Science Center for providing these educational opportunities and to Amazon for providing funding to help these organizations expand and grow.” Washington STEM is a statewide nonprofit organization working in partnership with ten regional STEM Networks and statewide partners to increase equitable access to STEM education and opportunity. Washington STEM has a long-term vision of increasing equitable access from childhood-to-career with a focus on students of color, students living in rural areas, and students from low-income backgrounds. Through their Early STEM initiative, Washington STEM is supporting teachers, families, and caregivers in engaging more frequently and directly with children in math – giving students the best start possible in school and life. Through their Career Pathways initiative, Washington STEM is working with business, education, and community partners to expose and prepare students for exciting careers in tech, advanced manufacturing, healthcare, agriculture, construction, maritime and other high-demand industries in which STEM fuels innovation, economic mobility and job growth. PacSci’s mission is to ignite curiosity and fuel a passion for discovery, experimentation, and critical thinking. Their award-winning, interactive programs serve nearly 1 million people each year throughout the state of Washington in their communities, in classrooms, at the Mercer Slough Environmental Education Center in Bellevue, and at its seven-acre campus at Seattle Center. PacSci is deeply committed to expanding access to science for traditionally underrepresented and underserved children and families. During the 2018-19 school year, PacSci’s Science On Wheels outreach program served more than 115,000 students in 31 of Washington’s 39 counties. More than 60,000 of these students were in Title I schools in low-income communities. Amazon is committed to bringing more resources to children and young adults to help them build their best future. Amazon has invested more than to increase access to computer science/STEM education and has donated more than to organizations that promote computer science/STEM education across the country. Amazon’s primary computer science access program, Amazon Future Engineer, is a four-part childhood-to-career program intended to inspire, educate, and prepare children and young adults from underrepresented and underserved communities to try computer science. Each year, Amazon Future Engineer aims to inspire hundreds of thousands of young people to explore computer science; awards dozens of schools Amazon Future Engineer Robotics Grants, provides over 100,000 young people in over 2,000 high schools access to Intro or AP Computer Science courses; awards 100 students with four-year scholarships, as well as offers guaranteed and paid Amazon internships to gain work experience, and forms unique partnerships with trusted institutions to bring new coding experiences to students. There are currently more than 40 high schools across Washington State that are part of the Amazon Future Engineer high school program, and three Washington State students won our Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship last year. There are more than 30 schools in Washington who received the Amazon Future Engineer Robotics grant. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. About Amazon in the Community Amazon is committed to helping more children and young adults, especially those from underrepresented and underserved communities, have the resources and skills they need to build their best future. Amazon focuses on building long-term, innovative, and high impact programs that leverage Amazon’s unique assets and culture. Initiatives include Amazon Future Engineer, designed to inspire and excite tens of thousands of children and young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities each year to try computer science, as well as programs that support immediate needs, including addressing family homelessness through donations and housing a homeless shelter in its Seattle headquarters, as well as global relief efforts for people in need following natural disasters.
New Amazon funding covers FIRST program for 21 Metro Nashville Public Schools to start robotics teams; for each school to provide computer science education field trips, hardware, and technology upgrades; and a tour of an Amazon robotics fulfillment center Amazon to fund computer science courses in Tennessee high schools – with classes to start in 3 Metro Nashville schools and more than 45 across the state Donation is part of Amazon Future Engineer, a four-part, childhood-to-career program that works to inspire and educate millions of children and young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities to try computer science NASHVILLE, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sep. 11, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Metro Nashville Public Schoolstoday announced a new partnership to bring computer science courses and robotics to 24 schools supporting students from underserved or underrepresented communities, as part of the Amazon Future Engineer program. Amazon is providing 21 elementary, middle and high schools with robotics programming, which includes funding to launch FIRST robotics clubs along with teacher professional development, to expand access to computer science education at each school, which could include field trips, hardware, and technology upgrades, and access to a tour of an Amazon robotics fulfillment center. In addition, Amazon also plans to fund Intro and AP computer science courses in three Metro Nashville high schools and more than 45 total high schools across the state of Tennessee, benefitting more than 1,000 local students. “We are excited to team with Metro Nashville Public Schools to help more local students, especially those from underserved and underrepresented communities, develop the skills they need to build their best future,” said Dave Clark, Amazon SVP, Worldwide Operations. “Amazon Future Engineer will help students have positive, early, and frequent interactions with computer science so that they can become the innovators of tomorrow at Amazon or beyond - and continue to strengthen the economy and community of Nashville.” The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that by 2020 there will be 1.4 million computer-science-related jobs available and only 400,000 computer science graduates with the skills to apply for those jobs. Computer science is the fastest-growing profession within the Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) field, but only 8% of STEM graduates earn a computer science degree, with a tiny minority from underprivileged backgrounds. Students from underprivileged backgrounds are 8 to 10 times more likely to pursue college degrees in computer science if they have taken AP computer science in high school. “We are always looking for new ways to teach our students, and we are elated that Amazon is bringing some of its brightest minds and most innovative resources to our MNPS classrooms,” said Dr. Adrienne Battle, interim Director of Schools. The FIRST robotics programs will be brought to Metro Nashville Public Schools Magnet STEAM schools. These schools focus on science, technology, engineering, art and math, linking those disciplines to life skills that reach far beyond the classroom. The Magnet Schools focus on diversity, innovative curriculums, professional development, academic excellence, and partnerships – such as this new partnership with Amazon. The mission of FIRST is to inspire young people to be science and technology leaders and innovators by engaging them in exciting mentor-based programs that build science, engineering, and technology skills to students in grades K-12. Data from a 5-year longitudinal study of FIRST by Brandeis University shows competitive FIRST robotics programs works for all youth. Across all demographic groups (gender, race, economic status and geography), FIRST students show significant gains in STEM knowledge, STEM interest, STEM career interest, STEM identity, and STEM activity compared to their peers who don’t participate. FIRST students are more likely to major in tech-focused science fields in college; by their second year of college, over 50 percent declare majors in engineering or technology. The impact on young women in FIRST is particularly profound. By their first year of college, female alumnae of FIRST are 3.6 times more likely to take an engineering course, and 1.9 times more likely to take a computer science course than female comparison students. The Amazon Future Engineer high schools will receive funding from Amazon to offer Intro & AP computer science courses. Amazon’s funding also provides preparatory lessons, tutorials, professional development for teachers, fully sequenced and paced digital curriculum for students, and live online support every day of the week for both teachers and students. All students participating in this program will receive a free membership to AWS Educate, which provides them with free access to computing power in the AWS Cloud for their coding projects and content to learn about cloud computing. Launched in November 2018, Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part childhood-to-career program intended to inspire, educate, and prepare children and young adults from underrepresented and underserved communities to pursue careers in the fast-growing field of computer science. Each year, Amazon Future Engineer aims to inspire millions of kids to explore computer science; provides over 100,000 young people in over 2,000 high schools access to Intro or AP Computer Science courses; awards 100 students with four-year scholarships, as well as offers guaranteed and paid Amazon internships to gain work experience. Amazon Future Engineer is part of Amazon’s investment in computer science/STEM education. In addition, Amazon Future Engineer has donated more than to organizations that promote computer science/STEM education across the country. Amazon is already working with Middle Tennesseans to bring 5,000 new jobs in downtown Nashville over the coming months and years. Amazon Nashville will serve as the eastern U.S. hub for Amazon’s retail operations business, and will include tech and management teams working on customer fulfillment, customer service, transportation, supply chain management, and similar activities. Tennessee, Davidson County and the city of Nashville will benefit from in new tax revenues over the next 10 years as a result of Amazon’s investment and job creation. Since announcing its move to Nashville, Amazon has donated to Tennessee State University to endow a professorship in computer science, to Communities in Schools to support local public schools, to Project Return, an organization dedicated to the successful new beginnings of people who are returning to the community after incarceration, and to The Store, a year-round free grocery store allowing people to shop for their basic needs. The schools participating in Amazon Future Engineer within MNPS include: Schools, teachers, students, and parents can visit www.AmazonFutureEngineer.com to apply or to learn more information about the program. About Amazon in the Community Amazon is committed to helping more children and young adults, especially those from underrepresented and underserved communities, have the resources and skills they need to build their best future. Amazon focuses on building long-term, innovative, and high impact programs that leverage Amazon’s unique assets and culture. Initiatives include Amazon Future Engineer, designed to inspire and excite 10 million children and young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities each year to pursue an education in computer science, as well as programs that support immediate needs, including addressing family homelessness through donations and housing a homeless shelter in its Seattle headquarters, as well as global relief efforts for people in need following natural disasters. Metro Nashville Public Schools is one of the nation’s top 50 largest school districts, preparing more than 85,000 students for higher education, work and life. With the goal of being the first choice for Nashville families, Metro Schools is committed to #ExceedingGreatExpectations with the mission of delivering a great public education to every student, every day. The district is earning a national reputation for urban school reform, social and emotional learning and rising academic achievement. The governing body for Metro Schools is the Metropolitan Nashville Board of Public Education, a nine-member elected body. For more information, visit MNPS.org, or follow us on Twitter @MetroSchools or Facebook /MetroSchools. Accomplished inventor Dean Kamen founded FIRST (For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology) in 1989 to inspire an appreciation of science and technology in young people. Based in Manchester, N.H., FIRST designs accessible, innovative programs to build self-confidence, knowledge, and life skills while motivating young people to pursue opportunities in science, technology, and engineering. With support from over 200 of the Fortune 500 companies and more than in college scholarships, the not-for-profit organization hosts the FIRSTRobotics Competition for students in Grades 9-12; FIRSTTech Challenge for Grades 7-12; FIRST LEGO League for Grades 4-8; and FIRSTLEGO League Jr. for Grades K-4. Gracious Professionalismis a way of doing things that encourages high-quality work, emphasizes the value of others, and respects individuals and the community. To learn more about FIRST, go to www.firstinspires.org. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon to double its tech workforce in downtown Chicago Tomorrow, September 17th, Amazon will hold ‘Amazon Career Day’ event in Chicago for job seekers to learn more about the hundreds of open positions across Illinois—candidates can register at amazon.jobs/careerday The company has created more than 11,000 full-time jobs in Illinois and invested over in the state since 2010, including infrastructure and compensation SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sep. 16, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced an expansion of its Chicago Tech Hub and plans to create 400 new tech jobs in fields including cloud computing, advertising, and business development. To accommodate this job creation, Amazon will expand its office in downtown Chicago by more than 70,000 square feet, allowing the company to double its tech workforce in the city. Job seekers interested in learning more about Amazon’s new positions in Chicago and across Illinois can attend the Amazon Career Day event on September 17th. For more information – including how to register for the event and apply for open roles – visit amazon.jobs/careerday. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20190916005249/en/ “We’re excited to create more opportunity in Chicago – a city with terrific talent and a culture of innovation,” said Geoff Nyheim, Director Central US AWS Sales. “We look forward to doubling our teams in the Windy City, contributing to its diverse economy, and hiring local talent to fill exciting roles across Amazon.” “Chicago is a global hub with an unmatched workforce - the ideal incubator for Amazon to attract the talent needed to fuel its continued growth,” said Mayor Lori E. Lightfoot. “Today's announcement, along with tomorrow's Career Day, represents Amazon's commitment to Chicago and the diverse and innovative talent found here.” Amazon’s Chicago Tech Hub is one of the company’s 18 North American Tech Hubs – a network of development centers in addition to Amazon’s Seattle and Arlington, Virginia headquarters. Together, these Hubs have more than 20,000 employees innovating for Amazon customers around the world. Chicago-based Amazon teams currently build and support products and services for Amazon Web Services (AWS), Amazon Advertising, and the company’s Transportation and Operations units. Together with its customer fulfillment and retail facilities, Amazon has created more than 11,000 full-time jobs in Illinois and invested over in the state since 2010, including infrastructure and compensation to its employees. To help job seekers with their next career opportunity, Amazon will hold six informational and networking events this week in Chicago, Boston, Dallas, Nashville, Seattle and Arlington, Virginia – the site of the company’s second headquarters in North America. The Chicago event will take place at the Vertiport Hangar (1339 S. Wood Street) from 11:30 am to 7 pm. The Amazon Career Day events will feature businesses across Amazon, and recruiters will be on-hand to talk to candidates about corporate roles at the company’s 18 Tech Hubs, as well as within our customer fulfillment, delivery, and retail facilities. In addition to the positions available at the company, the events will include informational sessions on how to sell on Amazon, start your own delivery company becoming a Delivery Service Partner, or publish your own book. With more than 650,000 employees worldwide, Amazon has been recognized on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list for the past four years, ranked #2 in the Fortune 2017 and 2018 World’s Most Admired Companies, and ranked #5 in Fast Company's World’s Most Innovative Companies. The company also receives a perfect score from the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index. Amazon provides highly competitive benefits to full-time employees, including comprehensive healthcare from day one, 401(k) matching, and up to 20-weeks of paid parental leave — from the company’s most senior executives to its hourly FC associates. Through its Upskilling 2025 initiative, Amazon has also committed to programs aiming to provide employees with the skills they need for new, in-demand jobs, from paid cloud computing apprenticeships to its Career Choice program, which pre-pays 95% of tuition for courses in in-demand fields, regardless of whether skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since 2010, Amazon has invested over in Illinois, including building customer fulfillment and cloud infrastructure, research facilities, and compensation to employees. The company estimates that these direct investments in the state contributed an additional to Illinois’ economy (2010-2018) and generated an additional 10,000 indirect jobs on top of the company’s direct hires. There are also more than 73,500 authors, developers, and small and medium-sized businesses in Illinois starting or growing their businesses with Amazon. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about.
New 48,000 square foot tech office is located downtown and has space for more than 275 employees With a range of positions already open, the company is looking to double its local workforce in the coming years to support local tech teams Amazon has already created over 45,000 jobs and invested more than in California since 2010, including infrastructure and compensation SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 4, 2020-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced an expansion of the company’s workforce in Santa Barbara, California and plans to create 150 additional tech jobs in the city. With plans to double its workforce, the company has opened a new 48,000 square foot office for Alexa tech teams located in downtown Santa Barbara. Amazon has created more than 45,000 full-time jobs in California since 2010 and invested over in the state, including infrastructure and compensation to our employees. “We have been able to hire great talent in Santa Barbara and look forward to doubling our workforce here,” said Kevin Davis, Site Lead of Amazon’s Santa Barbara office. “Santa Barbara is an incredibly welcoming city with a high quality of life and innovative culture – and we’re excited to create more jobs, and continue to invest locally in the community.” “We welcome a new Amazon office in downtown Santa Barbara, adding to the mix of innovative, technology companies in our region. We encourage their employees to participate in community events and enjoy the amenities of local restaurants, shopping, and arts and culture,” said Cathy Murillo, Mayor of Santa Barbara. The tech teams based in Santa Barbara help Alexa get even smarter every day, developing new ways to power Alexa’s factual knowledge in devices such as Amazon Echo and Fire TV. The Santa Barbara-based teams work with scientists in Amazon’s Development Center in Cambridge, England in this effort. Amazon currently has dozens of open roles located in Santa Barbara, including Software and Data Engineers, Knowledge Engineers, Data Scientists, Machine Learning Associates, Product Managers, and more. The new Amazon office includes energy efficient appliances and sensors to reduce energy and water consumption, enhanced bike storage and lockers to encourage alternate modes of commuting, and open spaces to enhance collaboration and innovation between teams. Investing and creating jobs in California – and giving back in the Golden State Since 2010, Amazon has created more than 45,000 full-time jobs and invested over in California, from customer fulfillment and cloud infrastructure to research facilities and compensation to our employees. The company estimates that these direct investments in the state contributed an additional to California’s economy and generated an additional 100,000 indirect jobs on top of the company’s direct hires. There are also more than 338,000 small and medium-sized businesses, developers and authors growing their businesses with Amazon products and services in California. As a part of Amazon’s ongoing commitment to the communities where employees live and work, the Amazon Future Engineer program — a childhood-to-career program to inspire, educate, and propel children and young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities to try computer science — serves millions of students each year across the country. In California specifically, Amazon Future Engineer is funding computer science classes in more than 170 California high schools, awarded 14 students from California the Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship award, which includes per year for the student to study computer science in college and a guaranteed, paid internship offer at Amazon, and more than 15 schools in California are part of the Amazon Future Engineer robotics grant program. Our employees in Santa Barbara have already dedicated hundreds of volunteer hours to support local charities, from local homeless shelter to food drives, such as Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation, Alpha Resource Center, Hillside House, Organic Soup Kitchen, Toys for tots, Transition House and Domestic Violence Solutions. Amazon has been recognized on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list for the past four years, ranked #2 in the Fortune 2017 and 2018 World’s Most Admired Companies, and ranked #5 in Fast Company'sWorld’s Most Innovative Companies. The company also receives a perfect score from the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index. Amazon offers a wide range of programs to equip employees with the skills for new, in-demand jobs — from paid cloud computing apprenticeships, to Amazon Technical Academy to its innovative Career Choice initiative, which prepays 95 percent of the cost of tuition to pursue continuing education courses in in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. All these program are part of Upskilling 2025, a commitment by Amazon looking to support all employees in gaining critical skills to move into higher skill, better paying, technical or non-technical roles. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--December 18, 2018-- (NASDAQ: AMZN)— Amazon today announced an expansion of its Toronto Tech Hub and plans to create 600 new tech jobs in fields including software development, machine learning, cloud computing, digital advertising, and artificial intelligence. To accommodate the company’s continued growth in Ontario, Amazon has opened a new 113,000 square foot office in Scotia Plaza in downtown Toronto, owned by KingSett Capital and AIMCo. Amazon currently has more than 800 corporate employees in Toronto, primarily focused on research and software development for customer fulfillment technology, Amazon Web Services (AWS), and Alexa, as well as business development for Amazon Advertising and AWS. “Amazon is excited to create hundreds of new highly-skilled jobs in Toronto," said Tamir Bar-Haim, Amazon’s Toronto Site Lead and Head of Amazon Advertising in Canada. "Toronto has a well-educated and diverse workforce, and there’s a real culture of innovation here. We look forward to continuing to invent for our customers in Canada and globally, and welcoming top-tier talent to fill exciting roles across Amazon.” "Amazon's long-term commitment to our province is a vote of confidence in our skilled workforce and competitive business environment," said Ontario Premier Doug Ford. "It sends a clear signal to the world that Ontario is Open for Business." “Canada is recognized globally as a leader in the innovation economy, and Amazon’s expansion of its Toronto tech hub is proof that Canada’s talented and skilled workforce has what it takes to compete and succeed. We welcome Amazon’s investment in Toronto and the jobs they have created all across Canada,” said Bill Morneau, Minister of Finance & Member of Parliament for Toronto Centre. “Amazon’s expansion of its Toronto Tech Hub underscores the incredible tech talent we have in our city, and jobs like these allow us to retain and attract high tech talent locally,” said Toronto Mayor John Tory. “Thank you Amazon for choosing to grow in Toronto, and we look forward to working with you as a key partner in Toronto’s innovation ecosystem.” Amazon’s Toronto Tech Hub is one of the company’s 18 Tech Hubs outside Seattle in North America, which together employ more than 20,000 people building new products and services for Amazon customers. The Toronto-based teams support the company’s global logistics and operations network by creating cutting-edge technology to enhance the delivery experience for customers. Additionally, the AWS team enables customers in the Greater Toronto Area including the Art Gallery of Ontario, Flynn Group of Companies, The Globe and Mail, Porter Airlines, theScore, the Toronto International Film Festival, and the Toronto Star, to build in the cloud. Amazon continues to invest heavily across Canada. With this expansion in Toronto, Amazon has this year alone announced plans to create more than 6,000 new jobs in Canada, across new corporate offices in Vancouver and Toronto and four new customer fulfillment centers in Ottawa, Caledon, Tsawwassen First Nation, and Edmonton. These new job opportunities are for candidates with all types of experience, education, and skill levels—from engineers and cloud computing specialists to those seeking entry-level positions and on-the-job training. Amazon now has more than 10,000 employees in Canada, across its Toronto and Vancouver Tech Hubs, the AWS infrastructure region in the Montreal area, and customer fulfillment facilities in Alberta, British Columbia, and Ontario. Since 2011, Amazon has invested more than CAD $3 billion in Canada, including customer fulfillment and cloud infrastructure, research facilities, and compensation to our employees. Building the future together in Canada Named #4 on LinkedIn’s 2018 Top Companies list for Canadian employers, Amazon provides comprehensive benefits to its employees, from the company’s most senior executives to its hourly associates – including highly-competitive pay, benefits, and a group RRSP plan. Amazon's customer fulfillment associates can also take advantage of its innovative Career Choice program, which pays 95 percent of the cost of tuition to pursue continuing education courses in in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. To date, more than 16,000 Amazonians globally have used the job-retraining program. Some of the most popular areas in Canada include computer programming, information technology, and healthcare. Additionally, as part of the company’s ongoing commitment to the communities where our employees live and work, the Amazon Future Engineer program recently donated CAD $525,000 to Canada Learning Code to help inspire students of diverse backgrounds—especially women and underrepresented groups—to pursue careers in the technology sector. Amazon is also working to expand its AWS Educate initiative globally. More than 50 Canadian institutions, including Ryerson University and the University of Toronto, are accelerating the education and training of the next generation of IT and cloud professionals through AWS Educate.  With more than 610,000 employees worldwide, Amazon ranks first on Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies, second in Fortune's World Most Admired Companies, and first on The Harris Poll's Corporate Reputation survey. To learn more about working at Amazon, click here. Candidates interested in applying for open roles at Amazon's Toronto Tech Hub can visit amazon.jobs/toronto-canada. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon Invested $15 Billion and Launched 225 New Tools and Services in 2019 to Help Worldwide Third-Party Sellers – Mostly Small and Medium-Sized Businesses – Grow and Thrive American small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores had a record-breaking year, with more than 15,000 businesses surpassing in sales in 2019 – double-digit growth since last year Nearly 25,000 American small and medium-sized businesses surpassed in sales in Amazon’s stores in 2019 Third-party sellers sold more than 700 million items in Amazon’s U.S. store that shipped with Prime Free One-Day Delivery or faster in 2019 SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 4, 2020-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced it launched more than 225 tools and services in 2019 to help third-party sellers – mostly small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) – succeed in its stores. The new tools and services were part of a more than global investment in third-party seller success last year. As a result, American SMBs selling in Amazon’s stores had a record-breaking year, with more than 15,000 businesses surpassing in sales and nearly 25,000 surpassing in sales in 2019. Worldwide, nearly 225,000 SMBs surpassed in sales in Amazon’s stores in 2019, up from nearly 200,000 in 2018, and more than 140,000 in 2017. Amazon also invested billions of dollars in Prime Free One-Day Delivery last year. Driven by Prime Free One-Day Delivery, this was the largest one-year investment Amazon has ever made in Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA). As a result, third-party sellers sold more than 700 million items in Amazon’s U.S. store that shipped with Prime Free One-Day Delivery or faster in 2019. “More than half of the items sold in Amazon’s stores are from small and medium-sized businesses, so our success is deeply tied to their success,” said Nicholas Denissen, VP of Small Business at Amazon. “In many ways our store is a large collection of small businesses, and we love partnering with them to delight customers. With the investments we’re making, we are giving small businesses around the globe powerful tools and technology to help them reach hundreds of millions of customers and build successful brands.” Tools such as Target Inventory Levels, Inventory Performance Index, and the Inventory Performance Dashboard help sellers leverage Prime Free One-Day Delivery and reach more customers with their products. Additionally, Amazon launched many free tools within the Seller Central portal in 2019 to help sellers gain richer insights, protect their brands, grow their sales, and delight customers. • Brand Analytics and Brand Dashboard. Brand owner sellers enrolled in Brand Registry can use Brand Analytics and the Brand Dashboard to track product performance and access traffic and conversion recommendations. Amazon sellers viewed the metrics on their Brand Dashboard more than a million times in 2019. • Manage Your Experiments. Manage Your Experiments lets sellers run experiments like A/B testing to see how content on their listings performs. These learnings help sellers optimize product content and drive sales. • New Product Optimizer. The New Product Optimizer provides recommendations and best practices to help brand owner sellers launch new products successfully. • Growth Navigator. Growth Navigator gives sellers personalized guidance on additional selling programs and features to experiment with to accelerate growth in Amazon’s stores. Each recommendation includes rich educational content, including Seller University videos, to help sellers learn more about the programs and features. • Amazon Live features. U.S.-based sellers enrolled in Brand Registry can engage with customers in real-time and drive sales using interactive livestreams with Amazon Live. New in 2019, customers can now Follow brands that stream on Amazon Live, allowing sellers to connect directly with customers about their products and brands, and build an audience on Amazon. “In a recent survey of small and medium-sized businesses in the U.S., we found that 90% trust Amazon and SMBs selling in Amazon’s stores are over two times more likely to see rapid sales and hiring growth than those who don’t,” said Shari Lava, Research Director, Small and Medium Business at IDC. “Strategic partners, like Amazon, can be invaluable to smaller firms looking to grow their online sales and the new growth figures Amazon released today certainly suggest this.” • It was a record-breaking holiday season for third-party sellers – mostly SMBs – with worldwide unit sales seeing double-digit year-over-year growth, surpassing a billion items sold in Amazon’s stores. • Sales by third-party sellers – mostly SMBs – in Amazon’s stores far exceeded on Prime Day 2019. • Small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores have created an estimated 1.6 million jobs worldwide, with more than half in the U.S. • Amazon Storefronts, Amazon’s curated destination to shop exclusively from American SMBs, has surpassed 2.5 million products from nearly 30,000 U.S. companies. Amazon spends billions of dollars every year to help small and medium-sized businesses around the globe succeed in its online stores. In addition to infrastructure, personnel, tools and services, investments go towards programs such as Amazon Handmade, Amazon Launchpad, Amazon Business, Fulfillment by Amazon, Amazon Global Selling, Merch by Amazon, and Amazon Lending. To learn more about the millions of small and medium-sized businesses growing with Amazon, visit: aboutamazon.com/supporting-small-businesses. Learn more about new tools and services, here: https://services.amazon.com/brand-benefits/top-ten.html. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
SEATTLE, WA (April 27, 1998)--Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), today announced that it has acquired three leading Internet companies: Bookpages, Ltd; Telebook, Inc.; and Internet Movie Database Ltd. Amazon.com expects online retailers Bookpages and Telebook to become fundamental components of its expansion into the European marketplace, and Internet Movie Database to support its eventual entry into online video sales. "These acquisitions will enable Amazon.com to quickly offer European consumers the same combination of selection, service, and value that we now provide our U.S. customers," said Jeffrey P. Bezos, Amazon.com founder and CEO. "I'm excited about these companies because each has a relentless focus on customer service, an unwavering commitment to Internet commerce, and a smart, innovative management team." Bookpages (www.bookpages.co.uk) is one of the largest online bookstores in the United Kingdom, providing access to all 1.2 million U.K. books in print. Bookpages Managing Director Dr. Simon Murdoch said of the acquisition, "This is fantastic news for Bookpages and its customers.g By combining Amazon.com's resources with Bookpages' in-depth knowledge of the U.K. marketplace, we can provide even better service and selection to our customers inside and outside of the United Kingdom." Telebook (www.telebuch.de), operating through its ABC Bücherdienst subsidiary, is Germany's number one online bookstore, with a catalog of nearly 400,000 German-language titles. Telebook President Michael J.G. Gleissner commented, "Telebook's longtime local expertise in online bookselling in Germany combined with Amazon.com's worldwide brand and powerful technology will lead to tremendous benefits for the customer." Originally launched in 1990, Internet Movie Database (www.imdb.com) is a comprehensive repository for movie and television information on the Internet. "Everyone at IMDb is excited about becoming a part of Amazon.com," said Colin Needham, IMDb Managing Director. "Because of their similar passion for books, the Amazon.com team understands and fully supports IMDb's mission of providing the best possible information to movie lovers." Each of the acquisitions will be accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. The company will incur total charges of approximately $55 million in connection with all three transactions. Consideration was comprised of cash and common stock, and the company anticipates issuing an aggregate of approximately 540,000 shares of common stock as a result of these transactions. Amazon.com, Inc., Earth's Biggest Bookstore, is the largest online retailer of books. Amazon.com offers a catalog of more than 3 million book, music, and other titles, plus easy-to-use search and browse features, e-mail services, personalized shopping services, secure Web-based credit card payment, and direct shipping to customers. Amazon.com has virtually unlimited online shelf space and offers customers a vast selection through an efficient search-and-retrieval interface, as well as streamlined ordering through 1-ClickSM technology. Amazon.com pioneered the concept of syndicated selling on the Internet and has more than 40,000 members in its Associates Program including AOL.com, Yahoo!, Netscape, Excite, the AltaVista Search Service, the @Home Network, the Prodigy Shopping Network, and iVillage. This announcement contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that include, among others, Amazon.com's limited operating history, the unpredictability of its future revenues, and risks associated with capacity constraints, management of growth, and new business opportunities. More information about factors that potentially could affect Amazon.com's financial results is included in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Amazon.com, Earth's Biggest Bookstore, and 1-Click are service marks of Amazon.com, Inc. All other names are trademarks of their respective owners.
One hundred students will be selected to receive a year scholarships over four years to study computer science at a college of their choice – students can apply at AmazonFutureEngineer.com. Amazon Future Engineer scholarship recipients also receive a paid internship offer at Amazon in the summer after their first year of college – Amazon Future Engineer is one of the only computer science programs to offer a scholarship and internship placement to students. Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part childhood-to-career program intended to inspire, educate, and prepare children and young adults from underrepresented and underserved communities to try computer science. SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 4, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced it has opened applications for its Amazon Future Engineer scholarship program for students entering college in the fall of 2020. Amazon Future Engineer offers 100 current high school seniors from underserved and underrepresented communities across the country the opportunity to receive scholarships to study computer science at a four-year college or university and a guaranteed paid internship offer at Amazon after the completion of their first year. Scholarships will be awarded based on academic achievement, demonstrated leadership, community involvement, work experience, future goals, and financial need. Students can apply at amazonfutureengineer.com through January 17. “I had the pleasure of meeting Leo Jean-Baptiste from the first class of Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship recipients this past year,” said Jeff Wilke, CEO Worldwide Consumer, Amazon. “His story, which continues now at Stanford, has me even more excited for a new group of curious, creative, and hard-working students to apply for this unique and game-changing opportunity.” The Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that by 2020 there will be 1.4 million computer-science-related jobs available and only 400,000 computer science graduates with the skills to apply for those jobs. Computer science is the fastest-growing profession within the Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) field, but only 8% of STEM graduates earn a computer science degree, with a small percentage from underprivileged backgrounds. Students from underprivileged backgrounds are 8 to 10 times more likely to pursue college degrees in computer science if they have taken AP computer science in high school. “To say that being selected as an Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship recipient changed my life is an understatement,” said Jessica Bradley, 2019 Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship winner and current freshman at Georgia Tech. “To be ensured financial stability during my undergraduate education, to be guaranteed a software engineering internship after my freshman year, and to have the opportunity to study what I am most passionate about are just a few of the things I am grateful for, all thanks to the Amazon Future Engineer program.” “I was thrilled when my student, Jessica, found out she won the Amazon Future Engineer scholarship,” said Jill Westerlund, teacher at Hoover High School in Hoover, Alabama. “I always encourage my students to dream big, and pursuing this opportunity with Amazon is about as big as it gets. It’s life-changing.” The inaugural class of Amazon Future Engineer Scholars includes 100 high school seniors from 32 states across the country. All of the recipients demonstrated financial need and more than half of the students are from an underrepresented group in the computer science field. These 100 students are currently attending some of the top computer science programs in the country. Current high school seniors are encouraged to apply starting today at amazonfutureengineer.com. All applications are due by January 17. Requirements for the Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship include: completion of an Advanced Placement Computer Science course in high school, intent to pursue a computer science degree at a four-year college or university, and a teacher recommendation. Other factors considered include: academic performance, demonstrated leadership, community involvement, work experience, a statement of career and educational goals, and financial need. Launched in November 2018, Amazon Future Engineer is a four-part childhood-to-career program intended to inspire, educate, and prepare children and young adults from underrepresented and underserved communities to pursue careers in the fast-growing field of computer science. Each year, Amazon Future Engineer aims to inspire millions of kids to explore computer science; provides over 100,000 young people in over 2,000 high schools access to Intro or AP Computer Science courses; awards 100 students with four-year scholarships, as well as offers guaranteed and paid Amazon internships to gain work experience. Amazon Future Engineer is part of Amazon’s investment in computer science/STEM education. In addition, Amazon Future Engineer has donated more than to organizations that promote computer science/STEM education across the country. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. About ‘Amazon in the Community’ Amazon is committed to ensuring all children and young adults, especially those from underprivileged, underrepresented, and underserved communities, have the resources and skills they need to build their best future. Amazon focuses on building long-term, innovative, and high impact programs that leverage Amazon’s unique assets and culture. Programs include Amazon Future Engineer, designed to inspire and excite children and young adults from underprivileged and underrepresented communities to pursue an education in computer science, as well as programs that support “Right Now Needs,” fighting childhood hunger, family homelessness, and disaster relief.
FINRA CAT and AWS team up to streamline and secure tracking of more than 100 billion daily financial market events from 22 stock exchanges and 1,500 broker dealer firms FINRA CAT will ultimately help protect investors by improving the ability of regulators to oversee trading in the U.S. securities markets SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 4, 2019-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that FINRA CAT, LLC, a subsidiary of FINRA (Financial Industry Regulatory Authority), has selected AWS as its cloud provider for the Consolidated Audit Trail (CAT). The CAT will allow regulators to improve securities market surveillance by creating an extensive audit trail of order information for all U.S. equity securities and listed options across U.S. markets and trading venues. Leveraging AWS’s storage, compute, database, analytics, and security services, CAT ingests more than 100 billion market events per day, pulling together data from 22 stock exchanges and 1,500 broker dealer firms, enabling the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and Self-Regulatory Organizations (SROs) to analyze CAT data. FINRA CAT, as the CAT Plan Processor, is responsible for building and managing the CAT platform. This platform will be the repository for all equities and listed options transaction data in the U.S. and will track market trading activity by following orders throughout their life cycle. FINRA CAT is relying on the breadth and depth of the AWS portfolio, including Amazon Aurora (for its primary database needs) and Amazon Redshift (for data warehousing), Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3), as well as AWS’s unparalleled security and compliance capabilities to develop the platform. With Amazon EMR, which allows users to analyze vast amounts of data quickly and cost-effectively at scale, and Amazon Redshift, which makes it easy to analyze data in Amazon S3, the CAT will be able to provide insights on market trading activities to SROs and the SEC so that they can identify anomalies in market data in order to better detect and prosecute illegal market activity and protect investors. The CAT will be the first-ever repository of all equity and listed options data for regulatory compliance purposes, leveraging AWS security capabilities such as AWS Key Management Service (KMS), Amazon GuardDuty, and AWS CloudTrail in order to ensure the security of sensitive financial data. “We are responsible for providing regulators with a consolidated view of the markets, so security, scalability, and resiliency are at the forefront of the design for the CAT platform,” said Scott Donaldson, FINRA CAT Chief Technology Officer. “FINRA has deep and tested experience in creating such an environment on AWS, and in view of that track record, FINRA CAT is pleased to select AWS for this major project.” "The CAT will provide a single comprehensive view of U.S equities and listed options markets, as well as new tools to reconstruct market activity and maintain fair and orderly trading systems," said Teresa Carlson, Vice President, Worldwide Public Sector at AWS. “To implement this important regulatory initiative, FINRA CAT chose AWS to deliver a highly scalable, robust, and secure system that will enable regulators to improve securities market analysis. We are collaborating to ensure that FINRA CAT can deliver an industry leading platform that provides accessibility and transparency of capital markets data to protect investors and the integrity of the financial market.” For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 175 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 69 Availability Zones (AZs) within 22 geographic regions, with announced plans for 13 more Availability Zones and four more AWS Regions in Indonesia, Italy, South Africa, and Spain. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. FINRA CAT, LLC is a subsidiary of FINRA that is the Plan Processor for the Consolidated Audit Trail. For more information visit www.catnmsplan.com.
Amazon Studios Also Announces First Look Deal with Critical Role to Develop New Series to Premiere Exclusively on Prime Video CULVER CITY, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 5, 2019-- (NASDAQ:AMZN) — Amazon Prime Video, along with Critical Role, today announced the service will be the exclusive streaming home for the upcoming animated series Critical Role: The Legend of Vox Machina, based on the adventures and characters of Critical Role, a leading story-driven and world-building digital media brand. Amazon Studios has ordered two seasons of the series and has also closed a first-look deal with Critical Role to develop new series to premiere exclusively on Prime Video in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide. This content agreement builds on the long-standing engagement Critical Role has had with Amazon’s live-streaming service Twitch, where they have broadcast their wildly successful live role-playing show since 2015. Earlier this year, Critical Role launched The Legend of Vox Machina as a Kickstarter campaign for a 22-minute animated special produced by Titmouse, reaching their original funding goal within minutes. The campaign continued to gain traction thanks to Critical Role’s passionate fanbase, becoming the most-funded TV, film or animated project in Kickstarter history and raising over , enough to fund a 10-episode season. With this new agreement, Prime Video will build on that record-breaking support, ordering an additional 14 episodes, for a total of 24 episodes across two seasons, to stream exclusively on the service. Critical Role: The Legend of Vox Machina follows a group of second-rate, drunken adventurers on a quest to save the realm from terrifying monsters and dark magical forces, only to discover they become a found family in the process. It's an adult animated action-comedy series in the fantasy universe of, and starring original characters from, Critical Role. “We were absolutely floored by the level of enthusiasm we received on the Kickstarter campaign, and now we can deliver exactly what the fans wanted, and MORE,” said Sam Riegel and Travis Willingham, cast members of Critical Role and executive producers on the series. “Teaming with Prime Video to deliver the series to fans across the globe is exciting and surreal -- and we’re psyched to be able to tell even more stories with not just one, but two 12-episode seasons!” “Critical Role blazed a new trail for original digital content, with fresh new voices and humor that earned devoted fans around the world, as evidenced by their wildly successful Kickstarter campaign,” said Jennifer Salke, Head of Amazon Studios. “We’re thrilled to work with the whole team to bring The Legend of Vox Machina, and new Critical Role series, to our Prime Video customers.” Chris Prynoski, Titmouse president and founder added, “I’ve been wanting to make an animated show based on fantasy role playing games since I was 1st level. I’m overjoyed for Titmouse to join the Critical Role adventuring party to slay this beast alongside the mighty Amazon army!” Critical Role: The Legend of Vox Machina stars the Critical Role cast of Laura Bailey, Taliesin Jaffe, Ashley Johnson, Liam O’Brien, Matthew Mercer, Marisha Ray, Sam Riegel, and Travis Willingham, who are reprising their roles; they will also serve as executive producers, alongside Brandon Auman (Star Wars: Resistance) and Chris Prynoski (Metalocalypse), with Sung Jin Ahn (Niko and the Sword of Light) joining as supervising director. Emmy award-winning studio Titmouse is the animation partner. Critical Role is represented by CAA, who helped broker the deal. When we meet the members of Vox Machina in Critical Role: The Legend of Vox Machina, they’re a rowdy, ragtag assortment of swords and wands-for-hire. Seven wandering dumbasses who care more about easy money and cheap ale than actually protecting the realm. But when their home city of Emon is attacked by a horrific monster, they realize they are the only ones capable of avenging their neighbors and restoring justice. United as Protectors of the Realm, we follow Vox Machina as they venture beyond the walls of Emon to battle even darker forces across the kingdom. Throughout the first season of Critical Role: The Legend of Vox Machina, they will face undead giants, help overthrow a sinister necromancer, and confront a powerful curse that has taken root inside their own group. Through it all, they learn how to function as a team, and discover they’re much more than that: they’re family. Critical Role is the most popular story-driven and world-building digital media brand in the world. What started in 2012 as a roleplaying game between friends has evolved into a multiplatform entertainment phenomenon with a variety of shows, including the flagship show Critical Role, comic books, graphic novels, animation, live performances, podcasts, fan art and more. A passionate and engaged community tunes in each week to watch their favorite storytellers take on new adventures led by veteran voice actor Matthew Mercer and composed of other well-known voice actors Ashley Johnson, Marisha Ray, Taliesin Jaffe, Travis Willingham, Sam Riegel, Laura Bailey and Liam O'Brien. Engrossed in the stories, characters and camaraderie, over half a million regular viewers watch every week and hundreds of thousands more per month continue to discover Critical Role for the first time. For more information on Critical Role go to www.critrole.com. Prime Video is a premium streaming service that offers customers a vast collection of digital videos—all with the ease of finding what they love to watch in one place. • Included with Prime: Watch thousands of popular movies and TV shows, including our critically-acclaimed Amazon Originals including the Emmy Award-winning The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, Tom Clancy’s Jack Ryan, The Boys, Carnival Row, Homecoming, Hanna, Fleabag, Good Omens, Donald Glover’s Guava Island, the Academy Award-winning Manchester by the Sea and The Salesman, Academy Award-nominated The Big Sick and Cold War, and the critically-acclaimed Beautiful Boy, exclusives, live sports including Thursday Night Football and licensed and self-published content available in more than 200 countries and territories worldwide. • Watch more with Prime Video Channels: Prime members can add 150+ channels in the US like HBO, Cinemax, STARZ, SHOWTIME, CBS All Access, NBA League Pass and MLB.tv —no extra apps to download, and no cable required. Only pay for the ones you want, and cancel anytime. View the full list of channels available at amazon.com/channels. • Rent or Buy: Enjoy hundreds of thousands of titles, including new-release movies and entire seasons of current TV episodes, available for all Amazon customers to rent or buy. • Instant access: Watch where and when you want with the Prime Video app on your smart TV, mobile device, Fire TV, Fire tablet, Apple TV, Chromecast, game consoles, Comcast X1 or from the web. For a complete list of compatible devices, visit amazon.com/howtostream. • Enhanced experiences: Make the most of every viewing with 4K Ultra HD- and High Dynamic Range (HDR)-compatible content. Go behind the scenes of your favorite movies and TV shows with exclusive X-Ray access, powered by IMDb. Save it for later with select mobile downloads for offline viewing. In addition to access to movies and TV shows included with Prime, the Prime membership includes unlimited fast free shipping options across all categories available on Amazon, more than two million songs and thousands of playlists and stations with Prime Music, secure photo storage with Prime Photos, unlimited reading with Prime Reading, unlimited access to a digital audiobook catalogue with Audible Channels for Prime, a rotating selection of free digital games and in-game loot with Twitch Prime, early access to select Lightning Deals, exclusive access and discounts to select items, and more. To sign-up for Prime or to find out more visit: amazon.com/prime. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. Titmouse is a full‐service, award-winning animation production company. Our artist-run studios in Los Angeles, New York City, and Vancouver keep 700 of the most talented people in the industry (that are guaranteed 100% human) employed and pushing creative boundaries. Writers, producers, directors, storyboard artists, animators, compositors, editors and VR artists are all right here, in house. Its state‐of‐the‐art sound studio is where many of our TV shows, films, commercial work, branded and original digital content projects are recorded. Titmouse founders Chris and Shannon Prynoski launched Titmouse in Los Angeles, the birthplace of the American entertainment industry. Known for series such as Venture Bros., Big Mouth, Superjail!, Black Dynamite, Tigtone, and Metalocalypse, Titmouse creates high-quality cartoons for all ages and interests. Visit us online at titmouse.net.
Europe’s leading media group chooses AWS as its primary cloud provider to transform its business and accelerate the delivery of new products with AWS machine learning services SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 27, 2019-- Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE, Europe’s leading satellite and cable broadcaster, operating television channels, digital VoD platforms and e-commerce brands, has selected AWS as its primary cloud provider. ProSiebenSat.1 is working closely with AWS to adopt cloud services within all parts of its broadcast and digital media businesses, production companies, and e-commerce platforms. With AWS, ProSiebenSat.1 is improving the time to market of new applications, and introducing advanced analytics and machine learning (ML) technologies across its organization, which is transforming the viewing experience for 45 million households across Germany, Austria, and Switzerland. ProSiebenSat.1 has a long history of working with AWS because of its deep portfolio of cloud services, high levels of security and compliance, rapid pace of innovation, and proven experience in reliably supporting millions of customers around the world. Most of ProSiebenSat.1‘s brands have deployed applications on AWS, including its Joyn streaming platform, offering viewers over 20,000 episodes and 55 live channels in the cloud. ProSiebenSat.1 also runs the commerce businesses of its NuCom Group, a growing e-commerce player with 10 leading portfolio companies, on AWS as well as the production business of its Red Arrow Studios, one of the world's leading creators and distributors of entertainment content. Recently, ProSiebenSat.1 made a corporate-wide decision to integrate AWS ML services into every aspect of its business to automate processes and develop new, personalized products. Adopting AWS ML services will enable ProSiebenSat.1 to more intelligently tailor advertising to viewers and enhance personalization and recommendations across all of its media brands. One of its most strategic projects uses Amazon SageMaker, a fully managed service to build, train, and deploy ML models, and AWS data analytics tools to predict the future value of an upcoming advertising slot. The solution uses a deep neural network —trained and deployed using Amazon SageMaker – to predict ad conversion rates based on inputs such as the slot time, genre of the TV show, and ad content. As a result, the service is able to predict, weeks in advance, how many impressions an advertisement will generate. This allows advertisers to predict who will watch their ads, helping them to make informed purchasing decisions, while simultaneously enhancing the viewer experience with ads that are more closely aligned with consumer preferences. “ProSiebenSat.1 is a leading European entertainment conglomerate with a strong commerce business and we continue to drive the ongoing transformation of the Group into a technology-and data-led company with an emphasis on growing our digital and diversified future,” said Nick Thexton, Chief Technology Officer of ProSiebenSat.1. “AWS is a key strategic partner who has consistently driven cloud adoption for over a decade and is still setting the pace on what cloud services can do for media businesses. By moving more of our business to AWS and incorporating AWS’s ML services, we are able to enhance our agile software development practices and derive even more value from our large consumer data platforms.” “Over the past few years, media companies have been using our unmatched portfolio of cloud services to transform the delivery of content and create more personalized viewing experiences to delight audiences on every platform,” said Andy Isherwood, Managing Director, Amazon Web Services EMEA. “As one of the largest and most well-respected media companies in Europe, it is exciting to see ProSiebenSat.1 embracing AWS ML services, and establishing itself as a leader in what is possible. We look forward to supporting the company on its journey to transform how it serves its customers across its media and e-commerce brands.” For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 69 Availability Zones (AZs) within 22 geographic regions, with announced plans for 13 more Availability Zones and four more AWS Regions in Indonesia, Italy, South Africa, and Spain. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews. ProSiebenSat.1 is the leading German entertainment player with a strong commerce business. The company offers great entertainment – whenever, wherever and on any device. Every day, 45 million TV households in Germany, Austria and Switzerland enjoy the 15 free and pay TV channels. In 2018, ProSiebenSat.1 reached 3 billion video views on the Group’s digital platforms and invested more than in 120,000 hours of programming. Successful formats like “Germany’s next Topmodel”, “The Voice of Germany” and “Young Sheldon” as well as top-notch stars like Heidi Klum, Joko and Klaas or Dwayne Johnson belong to the Group. Shows like “Bosch” and “Married at First Sight” are created within the production and distribution business Red Arrow Studios. The global digital studio Studio71 achieves around 10 billion monthly video views and operates around 1,400 web channels. The NuCom Group is a rapidly growing e-commerce player with leading portfolio companies that offer online price comparison, matchmaking, experiences as well as beauty & lifestyle. ProSiebenSat.1 are 7,000 passionate creators that love to entertain and delight their viewers and consumers each day. www.prosiebensat1.com
Amazon currently employs more than 50,000 people in Washington State; new facility will employ more than 1,500 associates SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul. 20, 2018-- Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN)today announced plans to open in Spokane its first fulfillment center in Eastern Washington, creating more than 1,500 full-time jobs with benefits starting on day one. Amazon currently employs more than 50,000 people across the state at its headquarters in Seattle and facilities supporting customer fulfillment in DuPont, Kent and Sumner. The company has invested more than in Washington State, including infrastructure and compensation to its teams from 2011-2017. “We’re excited to open a new, state-of-the-art fulfillment center in Spokane and to continue innovating in our home state,” said Mark Stewart, Amazon’s Vice President of North America Customer Fulfillment. “Washington is known for providing great opportunities for jobs and customer experience, and we are grateful to the dedicated local and state officials and teams who came together to support Amazon in bringing a new fulfillment center to Eastern Washington.” Amazon employees at the more than 600,000-square-foot fulfillment center will work alongside Amazon Robotics to pick, pack and ship items to customers such as games, housewares, school supplies and pet toys. “More than 1,500 jobs are coming to Spokane thanks to this important project,” Governor Jay Inslee said. “Congratulations to Amazon and all the local partners who have worked so hard to bring these exciting job opportunities to the region.” "We are excited to have Amazon join our business community with a significant financial investment and new employment opportunities,” said Al French, Spokane County Commissioner for West Spokane. "Amazon is another Fortune 100 company to see Spokane as a critical part of their success and want to be part of Spokane's growth." Full-time employees at Amazon receive competitive hourly wages and a comprehensive benefits package including health insurance, disability insurance, 401(k) and company stock awards starting on day one. The company also offers up to 20 weeks of paid parental leave and innovative benefits such as Leave Share and Ramp Back, which give new parents flexibility with their growing families. “Amazon’s decision to build their new facility format in our community validates the innovative vision of leaders from Spokane County, the City of Spokane and Spokane International Airport to create the first County-City PDA in the state. The West Plains/Airport Area PDA enabled the public-private partnership necessary to make this site work for our newest corporate partner,” said Larry Krauter, Chairman of the West Plains/Airport Area Public Development Authority. “The West Plains/Airport Area PDA is committed to Amazon’s long-term success as we view their project as the first in a series of developments that will benefit from the unique combination of air, rail and surface transportation infrastructure with available land in the airport area.” Amazon offers full-time employees innovative programs like Career Choice, where the company will pre-pay up to 95 percent of tuition for courses related to in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since the program’s launch, over 16,000 employees have pursued degrees in game design and visual communications, nursing, IT programming and radiology, to name a few. The project is being developed by Trammell Crow Company and was made possible by Greater Spokane Incorporated, The West Plains/Airport Public Development Authority, Spokane County and Spokane International Airport. To learn more about working at an Amazon fulfillment center, visit amazondelivers.jobs. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
New facility will create 500 new, full-time jobs in DeSoto County SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 18, 2019-- Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced plans for its second Mississippi fulfillment center, to be located in DeSoto County. The facility will create 500 new, full-time jobs starting at an hour with comprehensive benefits starting on day one. “Mississippi has proven itself to be a great place for Amazon to do business and gives us the opportunity to better serve our customers in the region,” said Alicia Boler Davis, Amazon’s vice president of global customer fulfillment. “We are excited about our growth and remain committed to creating a positive economic impact in the region with job opportunities that have great pay and benefits.” Associates at the more than one million-square-foot fulfillment center will pick, pack and ship large customer items, such as sports equipment, patio furniture, fishing rods, pet food, kayaks, bicycles, and larger household goods. “Amazon's decision to locate a second fulfillment center in North Mississippi is a tremendous milestone for DeSoto County and our entire state,” Governor Phil Bryant said. “This announcement serves as a shining example to industry leaders around the globe that Mississippi plays to win. We offer a supportive business climate and integrated transportation network so companies with shipping needs, such as Amazon, can reach their customers in rapid time and remain a step ahead of their competition.” On top of Amazon’s minimum wage, the company offers full-time employees comprehensive benefits including full medical, vision, and dental insurance as well as a 401(k) with 50 percent match starting on day one. The company also offers up to 20 weeks of maternal and parental paid leave and innovative benefits such as Leave Share and Ramp Back, which give new parents flexibility with their growing families. In addition, Amazon has pledged to invest over to provide upskilling training for 100,000 U.S. employees for in demand jobs. Programs will help Amazonians from all backgrounds access training to move into highly skilled roles across the company’s corporate offices, tech hubs, fulfillment centers, retails stores, and transportation network, or pursue career paths outside of Amazon. All associates will go through hours of safety training and have access to continuing education opportunities through Amazon’s upskilling programs such as Career Choice. In this program, the company will pre-pay up to 95 percent of tuition for courses related to in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since the program’s launch, more than 25,000 employees have pursued degrees in game design and visual communications, nursing, IT programming and radiology, to name a few. “In just 10 months, Amazon has announced two Mississippi locations creating 1,300 jobs for the people of North Mississippi. Amazon's new DeSoto County location is evidence of the fact that the Mississippi team works together to support extraordinary companies, enabling them to achieve their goals in our state,” said MDA Executive Director Glenn McCullough, Jr. “The Mississippi Development Authority, along with the DeSoto County Economic Development Council, DeSoto County and the DeSoto County Board of Supervisors, is proud to once again support one of the world's most innovative companies as Amazon brings another 500 career opportunities to Mississippians in DeSoto County.” Amazon’s fulfillment network supports millions of businesses of all sizes worldwide through its Fulfillment By Amazon offering, and many of those local organizations are based in Mississippi. There are more than 7,500 authors, small and medium-sized businesses, and developers in Mississippi growing their companies and reaching new customers on Amazon products and services. The project is being developed by Hillwood Investment Properties. To learn more about working at an Amazon fulfillment center, interested candidates can visit www.amazondelivers.jobs. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon opens new 30,000 square foot corporate office located in Town Square to support the company’s Human Resources teams and its growing workforce The company has created more than 3,500 full-time jobs in Nevada and invested over in the state since 2011, including infrastructure and compensation To mark the opening, Amazon is donating Square Food Bank and the Food Bank of Northern Nevada to help end childhood hunger SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nov. 14, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced an expansion of the company’s workforce in Las Vegas with plans to create 125 additional corporate jobs in the city. To accommodate this growth, the company recently opened a new 30,000 square foot office in Town Square in downtown Las Vegas. This expansion will allow Amazon to more than double its corporate workforce in the area – with teams based in the new Las Vegas office supporting the company’s Human Resources organization. This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20191114005682/en/ “We are excited to create more jobs in Las Vegas and continue to invest in the city and its people,” said Tami Dennis, Site Lead of Amazon’s Las Vegas office. “We’ve opened the doors to our new office and we’re looking forward to meeting more of the city’s terrific talent as we look to support the diverse needs of our workforce.” Amazon’s Las Vegas office currently has more than 100 employees specializing in managing leave of absence and accommodation services for the company’s employees across the United States. The teams working in Las Vegas are human resources specialists who act as the first point of contact for employees requesting a job accommodation, including American Sign Language (ASL) interpreters for Amazon employees and candidates applying for jobs at the company. Amazon is one of the only tech companies in the U.S. that has full-time ASL interpreters to support deaf or hard of hearing employees. To learn more about Amazon’s Accommodations Program, click here. To mark the company’s latest investment in Nevada, Amazon is donating food bank partners to aid in the fight against childhood hunger. The donation supports the Three Square Food Bank in Las Vegas and the Food Bank of Northern Nevada in Reno – both of which serve children and families in communities where Amazon has fulfillment centers. “Amazon’s generous donation to support the fight against childhood hunger will help us reach deeper into our community with additional resources for children and their families,” said Michelle Beck, chief development officer of Three Square Food Bank in Las Vegas. “The need is great. In Southern Nevada, one in five children lives in a home that is food insecure. With support from community partners like Amazon, we are addressing this statistic head on.” “As Amazon continues to grow in Nevada, the company finds impactful opportunities to give back to the communities where its employees live and work,” said Ashley Wedlund, Site Leader of one of Amazon’s North Las Vegas fulfillment centers. “In addition to today’s donation, Amazon makes frequent, in-kind product donations throughout the year. We are proud to support the amazing work these organizations do in our communities and we are grateful for their commitment to support children and families.” Additionally, Amazon is funding computer science classes or robotics programs in 11 Nevada high schools through Amazon Future Engineer—a childhood-to-career program to inspire, educate, and propel children and young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities to build skills and start careers in computer science. Amazon has also awarded three students from Nevada the Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship award, which provides in funding to students from disadvantaged or underrepresented backgrounds to study computer science in college, and receive a guaranteed, paid internship offer at Amazon. Amazon has created more than 3,500 full-time jobs and invested over in Nevada since 2011, including customer fulfillment infrastructure and compensation to our employees. The company estimates that these direct investments in the state contributed more than to Nevada’s economy (2011-2018) and generated an additional 4,000 indirect jobs on top of the company’s direct hires. There are also more than 19,500 authors, developers, and small and medium-sized businesses in Nevada growing their businesses with Amazon. With 750,000 employees worldwide, Amazon has been recognized on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list for the past four years, ranked #2 in the Fortune 2017 and 2018 World’s Most Admired Companies, and ranked #5 in Fast Company'sWorld’s Most Innovative Companies. The company also receives a perfect score from the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index. Amazon offers a wide range of programs to equip employees with the skills for new, in-demand jobs – from paid cloud computing apprenticeships, to Amazon Technical Academy to its innovative Career Choice initiative, which prepays 95 percent of the cost of tuition to pursue continuing education courses in in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. All these program are part of Upskilling 2025, a commitment by Amazon looking to support all employees in gaining critical skills to move into higher skill, better paying, technical or non-technical roles. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about.
Amazon Managed Cassandra Service provides a scalable, highly available, and managed Cassandra-compatible database service – that’s serverless, too SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 3, 2019-- Today at AWS re:Invent, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced Amazon Managed (Apache) Cassandra Service, a scalable, highly available, and fully managed database service that supports Cassandra workloads. Developers can use the same Cassandra application code, Apache 2.0 licensed drivers, and tools as they do today to run, manage, and scale workloads on Amazon Managed Cassandra Service and enjoy scalability, availability, and manageability without having to worry about managing the underlying infrastructure. And, because Amazon Managed Cassandra Service is serverless, it also removes the need to provision, configure, and operate large Cassandra clusters, manually add or remove nodes, and rebalance partitions as traffic scales up or down. There are no up-front investments required to use Amazon Managed Cassandra Service, and customers only pay for the capacity they use. To learn more about Amazon Managed Cassandra Service, visit: http://aws.amazon.com/mcs. Today, there are many customers using AWS who have asked for help with running, scaling, and managing their Cassandra database deployments. Managing large Cassandra clusters on-premises with hundreds of terabytes of data and millions of reads and writes per second is difficult and complex. Cassandra requires specialized expertise to set up, configure, and maintain the underlying infrastructure, and a deep understanding of the entire application stack, including the Apache Cassandra open source software. Aside from scaling clusters, customers must secure, patch, and operate Cassandra. Managing and scaling Cassandra clusters requires regularly adjusting complex configuration settings, manually adding or removing nodes, and rebalancing partitions, which can adversely affect availability and performance. Most customers with variable workloads also find it challenging to scale clusters up and down, so they often end up building clusters for peak loads and incur the unnecessary cost of paying for unused capacity. And, many customers also complain that they are unable to upgrade their cluster reliably due to Cassandra’s clunky rollback and debugging features, so they choose instead to run outdated versions of Cassandra. Amazon Managed Cassandra Service provides a scalable, highly available, and fully managed Cassandra-compatible database service. Amazon Managed Cassandra Service is compatible with the open-source Apache Cassandra 3.11 API, enabling customers to migrate their workloads to Amazon Managed Cassandra Service and use the same Cassandra application code, Apache 2.0 licensed drivers, and tools that they use today. Amazon Managed Cassandra Service is serverless, so customers no longer need to provision, configure, and operate large Cassandra clusters, manually add or remove nodes, and rebalance partitions as traffic scales up or down. Amazon Managed Cassandra Service provides customers with single-digit millisecond performance at any scale, and can scale tables up and down automatically based on actual application traffic, with virtually unlimited throughput and storage. Amazon Managed Cassandra Service offers on-demand capacity, so customers pay only for the resources used by the application, and in early 2020, Amazon Managed Cassandra Service will also offer provisioned capacity, allowing customers to optimize costs by specifying capacity per workload. In early 2020, customers with existing Cassandra tables running on-premises or on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) will also be able to migrate tables to Amazon Managed Cassandra Service using AWS migration tools. Amazon Managed Cassandra Service integrates with other AWS services, so customers can help secure access to their tables using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM), monitor their tables using Amazon CloudWatch, and manage their encryption keys with AWS Key Management Service (KMS). "Customers who are running Cassandra have told us they want to spend less time scaling, patching, and managing infrastructure and more time building applications at scale,” said Shawn Bice, Vice President, Databases, AWS. “Amazon Managed Cassandra Service gives these customers the ability to run Cassandra without having to worry about managing the underlying hardware, and it gives them an easy way to integrate their Cassandra applications with other AWS services. Because Amazon Managed Cassandra Service is also serverless customers can stand up Cassandra clusters in minutes and scale their database up and down based on demand, so they can spend less time worrying about their clusters, and more time building the applications that impact their businesses.” McDonald’s is one of the world’s leading food service brands with more than 36,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries. “Our developers like using Cassandra because of its scalability and open-source, CQL API. However, managing Cassandra infrastructure is complex and requires very specialized knowledge,” said Thilina Gunasinghe, Vice President of Global Technology, Architecture, and Data at McDonald’s. “We’re excited about the introduction of Amazon Managed Apache Cassandra Service because of its ability to scale Cassandra workloads up and down easily and its compatibility with the Cassandra drivers and development tools that our developers are already familiar with.” Adobe is changing the world through digital experiences. “Adobe’s products and services empower our customers to design and create immersive, digital interactions with their brands,” said Dan Neff, Principal Architect, Adobe. “We’ve used Cassandra for years to help us store and manage data for many of Adobe’s applications. However, managing our Cassandra infrastructure is expensive and complex. With Amazon Managed Cassandra Service, we look forward to having a managed option to run our Cassandra workloads that offers us consistent performance at-scale and built-in enterprise management and security features, such as monitoring using Amazon CloudWatch, fully-managed durable storage, encryption, and access management using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).” Pega’s adaptive, cloud-architected software empowers people to rapidly deploy and easily extend their AI-driven, 1:1 customer engagement strategies at remarkable scale. “We use Cassandra to help us build cloud-scale applications for our clients, but managing Cassandra at scale requires significant resources,” said Dr. Maarten Keijzer, VP Product Management, Decision Analytics, Pegasystems. “We’re excited about the introduction of Amazon Managed Cassandra Service, which gives our clients access to a fully managed service to run Cassandra workloads that offers consistent performance at-scale and has built-in enterprise management and security features.” Reltio Cloud Customer 360 is used by Global 2000 companies to power their digital transformation by driving hyper-personalization, accelerating real-time operations, and simplifying compliance with customer consent and privacy laws. “Unlike traditional solutions, we use modern NoSQL technologies like Cassandra to give our customers business agility, enterprise scalability for real-time operations, and insight-ready data,” said Anastasia Zamyshlyaeva, Chief Architect and Co-founder, Reltio. “We have a close partnership with AWS and with the announcement of Amazon Managed Cassandra Service, we now have an efficient solution that can help us create workloads on a fully managed, serverless offering that future-proofs our customers’ investments.” For 13 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 165 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, networking, analytics, robotics, machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, security, hybrid, virtual and augmented reality (VR and AR), media, and application development, deployment, and management from 69 Availability Zones (AZs) within 22 geographic regions, with announced plans for 13 more Availability Zones and four more AWS Regions in Indonesia, Italy, South Africa, and Spain. Millions of customers—including the fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies—trust AWS to power their infrastructure, become more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit aws.amazon.com. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon expects to create 50,000 high-paying jobs and invest over in the city where it opens HQ2, a full equal to its Seattle HQ SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 18, 2018-- (NASDAQ: AMZN)—Amazon reviewed 238 proposals from across the U.S., Canada, and Mexico to host HQ2, the company’s second headquarters in North America. Today, Amazon announced it has chosen the following 20 metropolitan areas to move to the next phase of the process (in alphabetical order): “Thank you to all 238 communities that submitted proposals. Getting from 238 to 20 was very tough – all the proposals showed tremendous enthusiasm and creativity,” said Holly Sullivan, Amazon Public Policy. “Through this process we learned about many new communities across North America that we will consider as locations for future infrastructure investment and job creation.” Amazon evaluated each of the proposals based on the criteria outlined in the RFP to create the list of 20 HQ2 candidates that will continue in the selection process. In the coming months, Amazon will work with each of the candidate locations to dive deeper into their proposals, request additional information, and evaluate the feasibility of a future partnership that can accommodate the company’s hiring plans as well as benefit its employees and the local community. Amazon expects to make a decision in 2018. Amazon HQ2 will be a complete headquarters for Amazon, not a satellite office. The company plans to invest over and grow this second headquarters to accommodate as many as 50,000 high-paying jobs. In addition to Amazon’s direct hiring and investment, construction and ongoing operation of Amazon HQ2 is expected to create tens of thousands of additional jobs and tens of billions of dollars in additional investment in the surrounding community. With more than 540,000 employees worldwide, Amazon ranks #1 on Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies, #2 in Fortune’s World Most Admired Companies, #1 on The Harris Poll’s Corporate Reputation survey, and #2 on LinkedIn’s U.S. most desirable companies list. Amazon was also recently included in the Military Times’ Best for Vets list of companies committed to providing opportunities for military veterans. Over the past five years, Amazon has invested more than in the U.S., including corporate offices, development and research centers, fulfillment infrastructure, and compensation to its teams. To learn more about Amazon’s current Seattle headquarters and the latest about HQ2 visit www.amazon.com/amazonHQ2. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
Amazon currently employs more than 2,000 people in Utah; new facility will employ more than 800 associates SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 19, 2019-- Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced plans to open a new fulfillment center in West Jordan, Utah creating more than 800 full-time jobs starting at an hour with comprehensive benefits starting on day one. Amazon currently employs more than 2,000 full-time associates throughout the State of Utah. “We’re excited to open a new, state-of-the-art fulfillment center in West Jordan and to continue innovating in a state committed to providing great opportunities for jobs and customer experience. Utah has a talented workforce, and we are very excited to grow employment beyond the more than 2,000 associates already serving customers in the state,” said Alicia Boler Davis, Amazon’s Vice President of Global Customer Fulfillment. “We are pleased that Amazon has chosen Utah again for such a strategic part of Amazon’s business by setting up another fulfillment center in West Jordan. As the ‘Crossroads of the West,’ Utah is the perfect place for companies in the distribution, fulfillment, and logistics industries to enjoy great success. This is another example of the strength of Utah’s economy and the high quality of life we enjoy,” said Governor Gary R. Herbert. “In Utah we have a workforce that is honest, hardworking, and productive. We hear from companies all the time that their Utah operations are their most efficient and productive because of the workforce that we have in our state. We are proud to welcome Amazon yet again and are excited to work with you,” added Gov. Herbert. Amazon employees at the more than one million-square-foot fulfillment center will pick, pack and ship large customer items, such as sports equipment, patio furniture, fishing rods, pet food, kayaks, bicycles, and larger household goods. All associates will go through hours of safety training and have access to continuing education opportunities through Amazon’s upskilling programs such as Career Choice. In this program, the company will pre-pay up to 95 percent of tuition for courses related to in-demand fields, regardless of whether the skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Since the program’s launch, over 25,000 employees have pursued degrees in game design and visual communications, nursing, IT programming and radiology, to name a few. On top of Amazon’s minimum wage, the company offers full-time employees comprehensive benefits including full medical, vision, and dental insurance as well as a 401(k) with 50 percent match starting on day one. The company also offers up to 20 weeks of maternal and parental paid leave and innovative benefits such as Leave Share and Ramp Back, which give new parents flexibility with their growing families. “West Jordan is thrilled to welcome a new Amazon fulfillment center. Amazon’s decision to invest here reflects confidence in the City’s business environment and excellent workforce,” said Jim Riding, Mayor of West Jordan. “This project, with approximately 800 new jobs, will provide our residents with even greater opportunity to work close to home. To the folks at Amazon, thank you for selecting the City of West Jordan for this new facility. We are proud to partner with you and are encouraged by the additional growth this project will bring.” Amazon’s fulfillment network supports hundreds of thousands of businesses of all sizes worldwide through its Fulfillment By Amazon offering, and many of those local organizations are based right here in Utah. There are more than 26,500 authors, small and medium-sized businesses, and developers in Utah growing their companies and reaching new customers on Amazon products and services. According to a report released last year, Utah has more small- and medium-sized businesses per capita selling their products on Amazon than any other state in the nation. The project is being developed by Seefried Industrial Properties. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sep. 18, 2019-- Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) today announced that since announcing Career Day last week the company has received more than 208,000 job applications online for roles in the U.S. Yesterday, Amazon held Career Day events in Arlington, Va., Boston, Nashville, Dallas, Chicago, and Seattle to help candidates learn more about opportunities at Amazon. • Thousands of job seekers visited Amazon’s Career Day events across the country, with more than 5,000 visitors in Arlington, Va., the site of the company’s second headquarters in North America. • Since announcing Career Day, Amazon received over 208,000 applications for roles in the U.S. – more than 18 job applications every minute. • Amazon recruiters conducted more than 4,500 interview-training sessions with candidates and reviewed over 7,000 resumes on site providing tips to candidates on how to best highlight their experience and skills. “People across the country understand the value of Amazon jobs with minimum wage, full benefits from day one, and upskilling opportunities, and they demonstrated that by submitting more than 208,000 applications for careers at Amazon in the past week,” said Beth Galetti, Senior Vice President of HR at Amazon. In addition to learning about the variety and availability of jobs at Amazon, attendees also discovered how they can start their business using Amazon’s services and tools – from joining the more than one million small and medium-size businesses in the U.S. that sell their products on Amazon, to publishing their book and monetizing their creative ideas, to creating their own delivery company by becoming an AmazonDelivery Service Partner. With more than 650,000 employees worldwide, Amazon has been recognized on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list for the past four years, ranked #2 in the Fortune 2017 and 2018 World’s Most Admired Companies, #5 in Fast Company's 2018 World’s Most Innovative Companies and 2019 50 Best Workplaces for Innovators. Amazon has more than 300,000 full-time employees in the U.S., across more than 40 states and 250 different counties, two headquarters, 18 Tech Hubs, more than 150 fulfillment centers, sortation centers and delivery stations, and more than three dozen Amazon Go, Amazon 4-star and Amazon Books retail stores. Since 2010, Amazon has invested more than in the U.S., including infrastructure and compensation to our employees. Learn more about Amazon’s economic impact across the U.S. here. Amazon provides highly competitive benefits to all full-time employees — from the company’s most senior executives to its hourly fulfillment center associates — including comprehensive healthcare from day one, 401(k) matching, and up to 20 weeks of paid parental leave. Through its Upskilling 2025 initiative, Amazon has also committed to programs aiming to provide its employees with the skills they need for new, in-demand jobs, from paid cloud computing apprenticeships to its Career Choice program, which pre-pays 95% of tuition for courses in in-demand fields, regardless of whether skills are relevant to a career at Amazon. Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about and follow @AmazonNews.